Eric Rosenbaum: That's deeply weird.
David Kong: Pretty wild.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: let's begin.
Where are my notes?
Tim Sackton: Okay? So his first memory is the searing pain of new sunlight
Tim Sackton: does not understand the whispers that echo in his head, but they awaken something in him. The pain of the sunlight fades to a dull background, ache easily ignored the walls around him. A courtyard, he thinks, although words are hard to remember now fade to a pale shadow, and suddenly he can see
Tim Sackton: feel in the far distance a bright light.
Tim Sackton: His quarry. You must get there and bring it back whenever it is.
Tim Sackton: The light of this quarry is so distant across mountains and deserts, but it does not matter.
Tim Sackton: As darkness falls, the bright light of his quarry grows stronger without the sun to distract him.
Tim Sackton: he gives a call, a twisted shout, and feels the massive wing beats of an approaching gloom stalker, a Wyvern-like creature made of shadows.
Tim Sackton: He leaps into the sky, soaring, and sees behind him another gluten stalker carrying another hunter like him. Like him. Good! He will not be alone. Then
Tim Sackton: the first nights he flies south.
Tim Sackton: The movement of his quarry tracking south as well. Far to the east. They're moving much faster than he is, but he does not care for eventually they must stop long enough for him to catch up.
Tim Sackton: Then a pause as he gains ground. but it is short lived, and they begin moving again. A stroke of fortune they turned west, heading for him will only be a few days now.
Tim Sackton: does not care how they were able to travel so quickly. Now it helps him. As his quarry rapidly approaches.
Tim Sackton: the light grows bright, intense, and the taste of victory taunts him.
Tim Sackton: It reminds him of something, some forgotten memory.
Tim Sackton: the taste of salt and wind, the memory of gusts of air that obeyed his every thought.
Tim Sackton: A quiet ship on a strange river cut impossibly through hells.
Tim Sackton: He pushes himself as hard as possible to catch them. But it is too late.
Tim Sackton: They turn north, disappearing faster than he can catch up. No matter
Tim Sackton: now. They have been still for a long time. Plenty of time. Yeah, sure he will catch them. Finally he grows closer and closer there in a city full of warmth of people.
Eric Rosenbaum: He swoops over the streets.
Tim Sackton: enjoying the screams and shrieks of the people as his gloom stalker grabs victims and drops them from a great height and turns racing across the water towards the great stone ship where the light is.
Tim Sackton: With that you have like a minute. basically before they reach.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So enough time. Yeah. Put on
Tim Sackton: light armor or grab a shield. Not enough time to put on medium or heavy armor.
Tim Sackton: and enough time to cast a spell or 2, if you wish.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I might like activate.
Eric Rosenbaum:  the latter, for instance, here's our Yup. You could definitely do that. Here's our
Tim Sackton: ship battle map
Mike Sackton: all that. So we have time.
Tim Sackton: You have
Tim Sackton: a minute approximately.
Mike Sackton: That's a ton of time.
Mike Sackton: Hold on a second. I just gotta think
Mike Sackton: and hold on. I'm trying to find something.
Okay.
Mike Sackton:  where we do have a map.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry I should search here.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to go ahead and deathword Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can I put my arm on?
Tim Sackton: Nope?
Mike Sackton: It's white armor, I mean, it's written as light weight armor.
Tim Sackton: still medium armor.
Tim Sackton: the number of pieces, not how much it weighs.
David Schwartz: Still, a lot is light. Right?
Tim Sackton: Started. Leather is like you and Seeger can put on your armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I don't see why you're assuming that worsten doesn't just walk around Venezuela every day in her full armor
Kate Sackton: in the middle of the night. Oh, it's the night
Mike Sackton: that was a lot of them.
David Schwartz: That's a lot of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they they didn't like constantly losing to you.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh, I got my gotta get my head back into
Eric Rosenbaum: my options here, and I mean we should.
David Schwartz: We should alert the rest of the crew and send them.
Mike Sackton: Do we have a safe room on this ship. Yet. We probably do.
Tim Sackton: We should. Yeah, the store room pretty safe.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's 3 floors down. Seems unlikely. Anybody's gonna
Tim Sackton: okay. You can. You can like pass bells and stuff. But just
Tim Sackton: though I can write it down. Can you give me initiative?
Tim Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: 10,
Eric Rosenbaum: 18
Eric Rosenbaum: 11,
David Kong: I nominate
Eric Rosenbaum: I nominate who wants to be my de facto, Waller.
David Kong: he's feeling lucky
Tim Sackton: I'll roll for you. Mike usually has good luck as de facto. Well, I rolled a 10. I don't. I don't know what Kenzo's initiative is, though.
Mike Sackton: plus 15. You roll the 10 for me. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, shoot, Tim, did did you break the search Intelgiver's bags, and
Tim Sackton:  I noticed it wasn't working. But I don't know
Mike Sackton: why it's not working. What are you trying to search for?
Eric Rosenbaum: Vendor's Jarna. I found it on the
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. I'll just. I'll search. I can search in
Eric Rosenbaum: in the
Mike Sackton: source if we need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you're just trying to look at what we can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah? Because, like, we have that defensive capability, the icicle shield.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you can encase the entire ship into the globe with solid ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even what is approaching that see will fit in right? Very well up north.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, for sure.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I mean, we could just
Mike Sackton: encroach in case the entire ship into in a globe of solid ice, and see how long it takes them to break through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And we might be able to hit them from inside it with some kind of attack. I don't know what. It'll give us time. Yeah, let's do it. Each 10 foot segment has HP fire damage
Eric Rosenbaum: wall crumbles if 10 segments are destroyed otherwise lasts 1 h.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know how long it would take them to get through 30 hit points. It might not take them that long.
Eric Rosenbaum: All they did was punch one hole and fly in so
Eric Rosenbaum: it's worth a try, I think.
Kate Sackton: Gonna be inconvenient to have a giant wall of residual ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: if, like, they can't hold it.
Eric Rosenbaum: If they punch a hole and fly in, they'll bottleneck, which is good for us. So I think.
Tim Sackton: yeah, okay, global device appears around the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the distance between the deck of the ship and the wall of ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's like 10 feet. It's it's relatively close, right? I mean, it's a it's
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a ice sheath.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we draw it? Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'll I'll draw it something like
Tim Sackton:  so
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, and the
Eric Rosenbaum: the glove abilities are not up to date on my character sheet, or they are.
Tim Sackton: I thought they were.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't see. No, it's solid ice. Yeah,
Kate Sackton: So now we bought ourselves time, I think I'm also gonna cast virtual weapon right? Because I can do that before we're initiative.
Mike Sackton: It lasts a minute so it might run out. I'm casting armor of agitates, which lasts an hour.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm getting my spell. Slot back.
David Schwartz: 5, 6, 7 speed.
Mike Sackton: I'm debate. Should we cast fly? People want to be able to fly
Kate Sackton: in our foot high ceiling of a.
Eric Rosenbaum: they can fly right? So yeah, so probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: where are we parked here? By the way, are we in the water in the water? Okay.
Mike Sackton: so I mean, like
Mike Sackton: everybody I so I can. Unfortunately, I have to choose between doing lots of damage and making us all fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! Go for the damage. I think I think so, too, for the damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, I'm just confused about the I had that like protection against necrotic damage or something, and I don't see that
Tim Sackton: ability of the clothes. It's the earth.
Tim Sackton: Thin crust of earth and stone encases you until the start of the next turn. Your speed is reduced to 0, and you gain resistance to one damage type of your choice.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's very short term. It's just till the start of your next turn right right, and it goes with casting a spell. Right?
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So go ahead and put yourself wherever you want to be. So hold on. Let's see, is this accurate distances?
Tim Sackton:  it should be, it might be, is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's accurate distance. Yeah, this is gonna be pretty close quarters.
Mike Sackton: I'm just worried. I'm just. I'm still debating whether fly
Mike Sackton: they're all flying, I guess.
David Schwartz: Do you do you have? What's her ranged attack?
Tim Sackton: I mean, right now you're in stack of nothing because of
Mike Sackton: how hard can you hit with range attack if they don't ever close? Wow! I mean, the problem is the other spell. I would cast his spirit shroud, which is a new spell I have, which adds 2D. 8 to each of my 3 attacks, so I get 3 attacks a turn, and I do 58 damage with each attack.
Mike Sackton: which is a lot.
Mike Sackton: but it's useless. If it's ranged I fall back. I may as well fly, I'd be better off with fly and closing then. Useless spirit, Chad.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I can do 3 attacks with my Eldridge blast, but they just do one d. 10 each, which is a lot less than 5 to keep in mind that every time they've fought you before, their primary goal has been to
Tim Sackton: grab somebody and run away with them.
Mike Sackton: See? I think fry, I'm not gonna hang out. But yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna go with fly fly is just maneuverability so useful in this, I think let's take it last 10 min. So I can cast it now.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: So I'm I'm gonna do that. I think that's just a lot more useful. Then
Mike Sackton: spare trad
Mike Sackton: I could. I could. Still, I have. I have lots of new spells. I have tons of new spells.  We look forward to that. So I can still do lots of damage. Yeah, okay, who wants to fly? Like 3? 3 of us can fly.
David Schwartz: I am already through my armor.
David Kong: Yeah, I can. I can. Ravens, whistle ravens, whistle. Is that even a bonus action, or Tim? Or just use? Do it? Just do it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: the downside to brave and whistles if you get hit.
Tim Sackton: And he fell. Konstaki's fall
Eric Rosenbaum: right alright. So me and riz. When then
Mike Sackton: I can make 3 people fly. So
Mike Sackton: yeah, I'm always up for flying definitely. It's just, is it Kenza, or or speaker? I mean, Kenza can fly. II should I should get it because
Eric Rosenbaum: alright, II can't take any dam. I don't know if you know this. I'm not constitutionally like just against medical advice, take damage. So your doctor is recommended against any close contact with the with the clause of one of these beasts.
Tim Sackton: Okay, good to know, hey? My doctor said the same thing, doctor said. Dying is healthy and increases. Penzo actually has something you could do about it. Now
David Kong: you're deflected. That's true.
David Kong: That's true. Yeah, I can't deflect the tax. Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: it's not against damage. But I did. Deathword. You
David Kong: wow! That's nice love that. Thank you. Rizmann.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so everybody ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, one last question did Kenzo soul cite
Eric Rosenbaum: shadow hunters last time?
David Kong: Oh, good question. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure I did. I'm sure he did.
Tim Sackton: They're immune to charm and necrotic damage. That's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright
Mike Sackton: strong.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: hi Dax, low strength.
David Kong: Let's track. Okay, cool?
Mike Sackton:  so does it. So here's the question.
Mike Sackton: does the ice shield. Slow them down. Enough that we can get armor on.
Mike Sackton: or Dallas can cause. His armor is explicitly white weight.
Tim Sackton: It takes 5 min to done medium over.
Mike Sackton: But Mithril doesn't make any difference. The fact that it's like goes on. It sits under his clothes
Mike Sackton: doesn't make any difference. That's a little cheesy, but that doesn't.
Tim Sackton: I mean it's still medium armor.
Tim Sackton: It slows you down because you got to take your clothes off to put on your no, it still has a bunch of pieces and a bunch of like, just because it doesn't cause you
Tim Sackton: stealth. Disadvantage doesn't mean it doesn't have any other medium armor property.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you hear?
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on. I'm gonna ready. An action to cast semantic static as soon as I can see through the ice
Mike Sackton: to hit them all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
Mike Sackton: Soon as they break through the ice, I wonder should you dispel through the hole?
Tim Sackton: So if you ready it.
Tim Sackton: you you can't pull the spell for more than one round.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I won't. Fine. I won't do it. Why can't you hold a spell for more than one round? Because that's what the rules say.
Mike Sackton: Can I wait until it
Mike Sackton: fine? Fine!
Kate Sackton: Wait a second. If the ice is about to burst, because it's like cracking and making noises and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't that give us enough warning to do something that's right before they break through?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: was there any point in us casting the ice? Are you going to let us get any benefit from it at all?
Tim Sackton: No idea how long it takes them to break through.
Tim Sackton: Just let's just like follow the rules of the game and see what happens.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So we're standing on the deck of the ship with piles of armor next to us. We may or may not be able to put on, as we wait to see whether it takes them half an hour or 5 min to break through.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not gonna take them. It's not gonna take them 5 min to break through. Right? I mean, it only takes
Mike Sackton: point, was, let's just skip over and say they broke through. What difference does it make
Eric Rosenbaum: it? It does make a difference, because it will control where they can go. Yeah, the point of the ice isn't to give you a ton of extra time is to
Tim Sackton: force them to come in on a
Tim Sackton: on a single path. Yeah, right?
Tim Sackton:  So so you're waiting
Tim Sackton: first round of combat, I'll say, is, basically you're waiting. They're starting to
Tim Sackton: chip away at it
Tim Sackton:  second round, it looks like it is starting to break.
Tim Sackton: So if you wanna already in action on on your second round of combat, that is.
Tim Sackton: that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are they doing to it? It sounds like they're hitting it with. It sounds like they're hitting it. It sounds like they're hitting in multiple spots like here
Tim Sackton: and and here seem to be
Eric Rosenbaum: beginning to shatter.
Mike Sackton: So let's see. Hold on. I'm like, here and here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, okay, where the big guys are
Eric Rosenbaum: probably be
Mike Sackton: flying creatures are. What's hitting it? What?
Mike Sackton: 6? Hold on, let me just.
Mike Sackton: And those big creatures are scary giant monsters and somebody riding on them.
Tim Sackton: Correct?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! They're like shadow Wyverns.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, do we know.
Mike Sackton: I guess Kenza hasn't sold, so we don't really have any sense of what the most dangerous thing here is, do we?
Tim Sackton: No, there's
David Schwartz: I think the writers, too.
David Schwartz: So Wellby has a ambush master feature. Now where the first thing that I hit
David Schwartz: y'all have advantage on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, for the first round.
David Schwartz: So I'm gonna try and hit. I'll call this out like, I got the writer on the
David Schwartz: the Wyvern
Tim Sackton: on the left. Okay, so is anybody readying anything for?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, break through here.
Mike Sackton: 20 hold on 20 foot.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I'm shooting it.
Tim Sackton: So you're you're you're first.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so yes, on your turn. You're readying an arrow
Mike Sackton: and I'm gonna cast. I wanna cast as soon as I can see through.
Mike Sackton: I wanna hit. I wanna cast some not too
Mike Sackton: synaptic static somewhere where it'll hit
Mike Sackton: both of these guys.
Mike Sackton: So like.
Mike Sackton: like, right there, basically.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So right there, it would not get this guy or this Guy.
Mike Sackton: or this. I know it would get that guy. It would get everybody, except, I guess, that 20 foot.
Mike Sackton: 20 foot radius sphere.
Mike Sackton: But all of these are within 20 feet of that point except these 2.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you could draw it, too. But can I? Ready? Slow?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And the range of that is 40 feet. I gotta measure that out.
Mike Sackton: 20 foot radius. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 40. But
Eric Rosenbaum: cube what? 40 foot cube? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say, I was slow. I could get one group or the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: and just scooch it down so it gets everybody except the top. 2
Mike Sackton: little bit more like that should be able to move it down and get. yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's gonna miss. That's not gonna get. Put it up one, then
Mike Sackton: put it up. One
Mike Sackton: I mean, if it doesn't get.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I guess. Cause it's because of how the diagonals working. That's fine.
Mike Sackton: Everybody but
Mike Sackton:  3 peripheral, 3 peripheral birds. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm gonna get ready with slow.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton:  So how does ready help rather than just doing your before them you go. You can go off your turn.
Kate Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: the whole idea behind writing an action is you use your your reaction to do something before your turn?
Kate Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: So the theory would be you could
Mike Sackton: go ahead.
Tim Sackton:  so on your previous turn. When you think things are gonna break through this turn, you're ready and slow, synaptic static. And
Tim Sackton: and while these now beginning of the round, you think they're gonna break through this term? They have not broken through yet.
Kate Sackton: I'm also gonna do spiritual weapon. Then if we can, okay, ready things, well, you can just cast spiritual weapon on your turn. That's fine.
Kate Sackton: Hello! You don't wanna use up an action or bonus action any sort of no, no, on your previous turn, because it lasts for
Kate Sackton: a minute. A minute. Right? Okay, yes. So. And on, the ice breaking through on the ice cracking
Kate Sackton: turn that nothing else is happening. I cast spiritual
Tim Sackton: right? Exactly.
Tim Sackton:  okay. So well, me, you're up.
David Schwartz: The ice is open or not open. Do I have a not open? But this is your your round where you suspect it's gonna open.
Tim Sackton: It's cracking in 2 spots.
David Schwartz: so
David Schwartz: meaning I can hold action until I have a clear shot, and then take it once it becomes available.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
David Schwartz: Alright, I will do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Lobby is holding his arrow. And suddenly you see. the clause of this
Tim Sackton: giant waiver night thing smashed through the ice.
Tim Sackton: and about 6 things happen at once.
Tim Sackton: An arrow flies from Welby's arrow.
Tim Sackton: Who was your target, this guy here?
David Schwartz: Yes.
Tim Sackton:  So go ahead and roll. That.
David Schwartz: Is he holding anything.
Tim Sackton: He's not holding anything he's holding.
Tim Sackton: He's holding a spear.
Tim Sackton: a shadowy figure
David Schwartz: I will, which is actually immediately the ice cracks.
Tim Sackton: starting to leave his hand
David Schwartz: alright. Well. about that thing.
Tim Sackton: So it's crossing your arrow in. Okay? 27 that hits
Eric Rosenbaum: nice. Alright.
yeah, neat.
David Schwartz: That is 31 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Yup
Tim Sackton:  so that hits the shadow hunter as synaptic static explodes, and as the spear which has left his hand. Comes flying towards
Tim Sackton: that one looks like he's the closest
Tim Sackton:  never roll with this. That's a
Tim Sackton: is he? 16 to for Delaware. Yes.
Mike Sackton: And synaptic static 31 sit 19 DC, 19. In safe. If they fail to save, they have minus one d. 6 on all their attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: merge on success. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A. This. this creature fails. This shadow hunter succeeds.
Tim Sackton:  this.
Tim Sackton: this bird dies. this bird dies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello.
Tim Sackton: this shadow hunter fails.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so everybody, except for this, this shadow enter here fails.
Tim Sackton: So that's 31
Tim Sackton:  and half as much on half on success. Obviously. Yup, I got that
Mike Sackton: so attack roles, ability checks and con saving throws to maintain concentration or minus one d. 6
Mike Sackton: they can. They can redo the save at the end of each of their turns to try to and shake it off. Seeker, you also are, Captain Slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's correct.
Eric Rosenbaum:  And that will be on the group on the left
Mike Sackton: on the top of the screen. The top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay, that's
Tim Sackton: fail, fail, fail, succeed.
Tim Sackton: So this guy is
Eric Rosenbaum: their movement. Speed is halved minus 2 to a C index. Save and throws K's reactions
Eric Rosenbaum: use action or bonus action. Not both. Can't make more than one attack
Eric Rosenbaum: and spells sometimes get.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got it.
Tim Sackton: They're pretty useless at the moment. Okay, that ends the reactions and the
Tim Sackton: shadowy things turn. or the the Weber's turn. This shadowhunter now is going to.
Tim Sackton:  Okay, he is going to attack
Tim Sackton: first. He's gonna cast fear.
Mike Sackton: One of them already attacked. Right?
Tim Sackton: That was his reaction.
Tim Sackton: He was also he can also hold actions, for when the ice cracks
Tim Sackton: that is so, everybody wiz wisdom. So that's 30 foot cone. So
Tim Sackton: that's gonna be
Tim Sackton: everybody except except seeker
Tim Sackton: wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does the latter make us safe?
Tim Sackton: Latter is, I think, immune to fear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally
Mike Sackton: we get Brisbane save bonus right. It's heroic.
Tim Sackton: What's risen save bonus, I know, rises not a palette and risen risen's not a Palladian deal with, and
Tim Sackton: rizwin are frightened.
Tim Sackton: Well, be as frightened
Tim Sackton: by the way to the tribunal.
Mike Sackton: It's just great, does
Tim Sackton:  a
Tim Sackton: did Kenza roll?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about rolling
Mike Sackton: saving Carol
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck? I roll a one.
and Kenza was also frightened.
Tim Sackton: Wait, can't I not
Tim Sackton: bye? Kenza can can decide not to be frightened on his term. That is correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hotel oops. That was our.
Tim Sackton: Those are horrible roles.
David Schwartz: 18 in a 10 to hit Dallas a witch.
Mike Sackton: 18 and a 10 or 18. Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: but what is the attacking with
Tim Sackton: a spear, he throws it through his back in his hand, he throws it
Tim Sackton: so that is 9 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: and 30 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton:  And that will end his turn.
Tim Sackton: The fear spell
Tim Sackton: when frightened by the spell, a creature must take the dash, action and move away from
Tim Sackton: the target
Tim Sackton: unless there's nowhere to move. If you end your turn, and on a location where it doesn't have find a sight, you can make a wisdom saving throw to end the effect.
Tim Sackton: So Riz and Ron's
Kate Sackton: do I have to pick a direction, are you?
Tim Sackton: You probably want to get out of sight of it, so like behind the
Tim Sackton: behind the
Tim Sackton: free or something.
Tim Sackton: But the dash action would take me that far like it would take me anywhere on the ship like, yeah, yeah, that would take you anywhere on the ship. That's you can go 100 feet or 50 feet dashing.
Mike Sackton: No, you know you're flying so you can go a hundred 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: and you can still use a bonus action so you can still attack with your
Kate Sackton: spiritual weapon.
Tim Sackton: Is that what you're trying to say? 1616 isn't enough.
Mike Sackton: All right. We fall to the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry what? Well, man failed his flying safe
Tim Sackton: because it was 39.
Tim Sackton: okay, rizwin is high. You can still use your bonus action.
Kate Sackton: which is the
Kate Sackton: such as the spiritual weapons. Spiritual weapon thing right? Okay?
Kate Sackton: So it's I was. I couldn't move it. You moved it. Okay, there. So yes. Obviously, I want to hit the damaged one. That
Kate Sackton:  well be hit.
and
Kate Sackton: I'm just
Kate Sackton: spiritual weaponing. Cast it as a third level. So.
Kate Sackton: Devin, you need to roll to hint. Oh, okay.
David Schwartz: in advance
Tim Sackton: with advantage, could well be hit him
Tim Sackton: so well, that's useful.
Kate Sackton: 16 is better than 11.
Tim Sackton: 16 just misses.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this this gloom stalker over here is
Tim Sackton: cracks through now.
Tim Sackton: and this Shadow hunter is going to use its reaction to throw. Oh, nobody's very close.
Kate Sackton: Are you feeling like you're indicating something when you say this, because nothing is appearing. You're not actually oh, sorry! This, this, the arrow.
Tim Sackton: this one here will throw a spear at the ladder, because actually we'll take disadvantage and throw it, Kim, though
Tim Sackton: that's gonna miss
Tim Sackton:  and then
Tim Sackton: it is going to cast
Tim Sackton: it will it, will.
Tim Sackton: It's kind of trapped until the gloom stalker gets to move.
Mike Sackton:  Are you rolling there minus one, Dix? By the way.
Tim Sackton: if they hit I'll roll yeah, check on.
Tim Sackton: There's no point in rolling a thing I already missed. He is throw. He's throwing 2 more spears at this advantage of Kenzo. That's gonna miss. That's what what's your A/C con
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with 18.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna miss from the synaptic static. Amen. I want to first step back at him.
Tim Sackton: And then he's going to cast
Tim Sackton: You see
Tim Sackton: a like
Tim Sackton: condensation of ice form around like shadowy ice form around his body.
Tim Sackton: Kenza's turn, I assume you're gonna spend an action to not be frightened
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I bonus action white, that like bonus action.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you can.
Tim Sackton: You can bonus action, flurry your blows
David Schwartz: bonus section.
Tim Sackton: or that's an act that would be an action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can. Only, I mean jump on top of this thing
Tim Sackton: pretty easily. But then you'd be left by yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe not a big deal. We don't have a shadow with her and in our collection yet
David Schwartz: it would be amazing, and you do have advantage on the attack only for right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why do I have an advantage on the attack
Tim Sackton: because of Wellbe's ability?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, oh, cool!
Eric Rosenbaum: Why the hell! Not and and there's no particular
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: strength and con right. Its strength is index.
Tim Sackton: Strength was and decks. Yeah, all right, I'll try. I'll try to do a stunning strike and stun them. Okay, so you jump on to this river.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it. I love it. Punch the guy with the band
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. So let me study our flurry blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember, you can only do stunning. Strike once a turn now, but if they fail they take depth.
Tim Sackton: and also when you flurry your blows you can make 3 attacks. Okay? But I just do unarmed. Strike. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. And with advantage. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With advantage. Yeah, the 25. And then that hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. 25, that 1, 25 hits. Yep. So damage I do. Let me roll his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14 damage and all
Tim Sackton: succeeds for concentration. Are you doing. You're doing style and scrape, too.
Tim Sackton:  bails for stunning strike. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stunning strike is the shit. It's like so nice. Knock somebody out for a whole round is so awesome.
Tim Sackton: So you get 2 more attacks
Tim Sackton: also with advantage. Cause he's stunned. You can get 3 act attacks with a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: That's a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, let me. Let's see, what else? What else can I do to him?
Tim Sackton: Or maybe, should I kill some of these other guys, or I should probably focus on my energies. Try to do a lot of damage on him. Focus on him because if you can knock off his concentration. Then everybody's unfighted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, all right, let me let me keep on arm, striking him. Then one more on armour. Strike second one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yep, 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. 20
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another 7 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's he doing on his cons, Dave?
Tim Sackton: Or is that concentration? Oh, concentration succeeds on that one, you know. He gets a minus 26 right?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm conce I forgot still succeeds.
Tim Sackton: What about the first one? The last one? Yes, he was a 19. He was a 19 for the first one, so he wasn't gonna fail. That
Tim Sackton: one more attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: last one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright 23 hits. Well, let me just roll. I'm gonna roll in case I get a credit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So 23,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 9 damage and
Tim Sackton: come on. Concentration 11
Tim Sackton: minus 3 bells. Yeah, there we go.
Mike Sackton: Good job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! That was around.
Kate Sackton: and Kenza's turn seeker is up.
Mike Sackton: What about Secret Beak?
Mike Sackton: Sorry seekers hired? Is there a turnover somewhere?
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry. I only have it in on on paper.
Tim Sackton: It's fine, it's fine. I was just getting confused.
Tim Sackton: Dow, with his dow with his next after Cker.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I can psych a glance one of the guys or
Eric Rosenbaum: bicycle turret? You can cast another spell
Mike Sackton: right. Can you cast us? Can you cast that? Oh, no, you can't. Can you cast 2 level spells in one turn?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just not on. Okay, no, it's not on his turn. It's in. Okay. Okay, okay, never mind. Never mind, you can. Okay, but you could also isolate.
Eric Rosenbaum: But where on the ship is the ice sculpt mounted? We'd have to decide. Now
Tim Sackton: you know what I'm saying, because it has that line of sight. I think. I think if you have the ice shield up the icicle turret just icicles. Just shoot out of the shield.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? So I can just pick my targets.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I will focus on the topmost group
Eric Rosenbaum: and I will hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which many do. I get? Kenza, you're okay if you oh, no, Kenza, was the the raven. You're okay if you fall right.
Tim Sackton: and I can also fall from freight heads.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's I have a plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will use 4 daggers on
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: shadow shadowhunter, and then 2 on the waver, and and then one each on the other. 2 guys. Why don't you? Just you don't have to decide until you can't. You decide sequentially.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just keep piling them on the shadow guy until he's dead. Okay, yeah, that's the better strategy. Thanks. So it's just separate spell attacks for each. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it? 28
Tim Sackton: that misses
Eric Rosenbaum: T.
Eric Rosenbaum: That adds 24.
Mike Sackton: Well, why don't you wait? Pause, hold on pause. Role damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's actually
Tim Sackton: it's, isn't it? Twod 6, 32 d. 6 per. Yep. Oh, wow! Okay, so roll 66 damage, and then see
Tim Sackton: seeker likes this way of fighting. Now he's not dead. He's pretty. He's wounded, though.
Mike Sackton: Keep going
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. I'll keep going. Yeah, I'm using the ship right now happening that hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll just batch him.
Eric Rosenbaum: You get 8.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So that's 6. Yeah, roll those above 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's another sorry. 46, right? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me team. Or that's a nice roll. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Still standing alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So I'm just gonna fire 2 more
Tim Sackton: that misses that hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: So one more. 3D. 6.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still standing, but limping quite badly. Alright. So we just shot all the daggers into the shadowhunter, and then the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, the water will dive into the fray and just go after the shadow. Hunter. Just go after the shadow hunter from the opposite side that Kenza's on. Just like, oh, not could be right there, I guess. Where it can be.
Tim Sackton: You can be right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then that is a
Eric Rosenbaum: have to pull up the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this takes me forever.
Eric Rosenbaum: They appreciate that the heroic ladder is so narrow and full of holes that we can all fire our spells like right around it. Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it has force, empowered Slam. Oh, I just, I use my spell attack right? Yeah, it's just your spell tech. And then
Eric Rosenbaum: that misses with the advantage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right, it has a bit. The ladder gets the advantage. Dude, I guess. Theoretically all. Well, I don't want to review it all of those that is
Mike Sackton: in theory. You could have rolled all of those spell attacks. You should have re-rolled all those Bell tech should have aggravated right
Eric Rosenbaum: right. I only missed a couple of them really
Eric Rosenbaum: alright, and so it does. The latter does.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter, I mean, he only has 4 headpoints left. The latter is gonna kill him.
Tim Sackton: Cause that's like one d 10 plus 5 or something. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm scrolling around her button thing again. Oh, yeah. So there it is sort of one d 10 plus PB force damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's dead. So this one shadow hunter crumbles under the slams of the ladder
Tim Sackton: as dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna banish the 2 flying things.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I assume the shadow Hunter will fall if the creature goes out from underneath him, already dead.
Tim Sackton: There's another 1. One shadowhunter is dead, the other one is not dead.
Tim Sackton:  That's a wisdom save
Mike Sackton: charisma.
Tim Sackton: There isn't safe
Tim Sackton:  they both fail.
Mike Sackton: What happens to the Shadow Hunter.
Tim Sackton:  the Shadow Hunter. I mean, it's not flying super high lands on the water.
Tim Sackton: But Sally, can.
I forgot we are
Mike Sackton: in?
I thought we were flying. While it's still useful.
Tim Sackton: He lands on the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: but seemingly can walk perfectly fine on the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: But can he get up to the ice hole.
Tim Sackton: That's an interesting question.
Tim Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: that ends that was turn move. But I think I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: I think I'm gonna absolutely
Tim Sackton: these. This talk is going to
Tim Sackton: suddenly vanish and appear right next to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one is also gonna suddenly vanish. Oops. Sorry, and appear right next to you.
Tim Sackton: And then they will both make
Tim Sackton: talent. Claw attacks against you.
Tim Sackton:  With advantage from pack tactics.
Tim Sackton: The first one misses the second one. That's a 23.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast shield that oh, 23. No, I won't. Well.
Mike Sackton: it's not going to hit.
Mike Sackton: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: 15 points of damage
Tim Sackton: kenzo also falls to the ground, of course, but also happy, standing on water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to follow the grammar
Tim Sackton: as the
Tim Sackton: the thing you think you were flying got vanished, vanished.
Tim Sackton:   These
Tim Sackton: these 2.
Kate Sackton: You're not. You're not Theseing again. And
okay.
Kate Sackton: my knees are gonna towel port next to Weldy. You know, these guys are slowed right? Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I know.
Tim Sackton: so they can only make one attack. They can't use. Their movement is
Tim Sackton: produced.
Tim Sackton: But it doesn't affect their teleportation ability.
Mike Sackton: Well, they can't take bonus actions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, then, they don't attack you. They just use their bonus action instead of their tax to appear.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm talking about a bit slow, and that ends
Tim Sackton: the hawks turn so they get a fave against Nope.
Mike Sackton: Wait. So I get my 13 points back
David Schwartz: reaction to the move
David Schwartz: away from them. Yep, and that's and it's your turn to.
Mike Sackton: But get in the round, I mean, the bottom ones are not slow.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's right. These 2 ones are still slow, so they are not slow. So like. So Welby takes the thirteenth damage instead.
David Schwartz: Awesome. I'll uncenny dodge to have that.
Tim Sackton: and it's and you can still use reaction to move away. And it's your turn.
Kate Sackton: I haven't had a turn since the fear went away.
Kate Sackton: Where was I? In the turn order. I know you're next. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, be venue. Well, be. And then the gloom stalker, and then you.
David Schwartz: I can't move because I use my reaction on Kenny Dodge instead of scrambler. Sure.
David Schwartz: So I will pull out a short sword and take steady aim at the one directly to the right of me and tech.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: That 15 just hits
David Schwartz: 31 again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, that one's dead.
Tim Sackton: That, adds Bobby's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: See if it can return from banishment at the end of its turn
Tim Sackton:  this one does
Tim Sackton: reappear. it is still slowed.
Tim Sackton: It is still synaptic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Tim Sackton: We are too good, but it doesn't get a turn risen. You're out
Kate Sackton: alright. I'm going to move my movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of course.
Kate Sackton: all the fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Umhm.
Kate Sackton: yeah. So this is a
Kate Sackton:  First time he measured it was 60. Someone measured it was 60. This shadow hunter here is is
Mike Sackton: is like 20 feet below. You can't even see him. He's in the way he's on the water. Oh, right? He's down there on right. Yeah. He's like, somewhere
Kate Sackton: alright. But this gloom stalker that just reappeared is
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: yeah flying back where it was.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: can can well be, I mean, can Kenza jump back on it?
Mike Sackton: I guess that's not his turn.
Kate Sackton: It's like 20 K. Above them. Yeah. Ken sits down in the water.
Mike Sackton: Can he jump, anyway, if he's still there? All right. I cast
Kate Sackton: a lovely bright beam of sunshine in his direction.
Kate Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: okay.
Kate Sackton: just scrolling to get to that.
Kate Sackton: It's a con save
Tim Sackton: content. Yup fails
Tim Sackton: alright. So just giving the damage 25 damage and blinded.
Tim Sackton: This guy has all the status effects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: and then the spirit
Tim Sackton: spirit Guardian can attack him. Yeah, with advantage. Cause he's blind.
Kate Sackton: sure
Kate Sackton: how we roll here in the clerical cast. We like to hit the blind people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait a minute.
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait a half
Kate Sackton: check for hit first. Sorry I'm bad at this. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: the this gloom stalker runs along the the water.
Kate Sackton: This is the first time I rolled 21 hits, so it takes 11 damage. All right. There we go.
Tim Sackton:  yeah, Glenn. Stalker's not looking too healthy. Unseen to everybody, this
Tim Sackton: other shadow hunter. Now.
Mike Sackton: what about Kenzo?
Mike Sackton: It's the shattered hunters turn before Kenzo can see him. Kenzie Kenzo can see him. Yeah, yeah. Kenzo can see him as he runs forward and
Tim Sackton:  launches stabs at Kenza with his spear.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: the first one misses the second one hits.
Tim Sackton: So that is
Tim Sackton:  When he
Tim Sackton: 3 points of damage
Tim Sackton: sensing some ice daggers being in this guy's food. Remember you can, I know. But that was a melee attack, or is that like a you can block melee attacks?
Tim Sackton: I can. Okay, I will do that like your dump thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah. So let's see, I do that. Hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so yeah, I will reflect the attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The damage you take on. The type is reduced by oned plus 18. So I'd I reached mold on d 10
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wa 110 plus 18. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a black casual one d. 10,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, 5, 3 is to 0.
Tim Sackton: So he punches you, and you're like Nope flipping around, and you can spend a key to. I will do that. I will spend the key to redirect the force back at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So
Tim Sackton: that creature must have 2D. 10 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did he fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: he failed. Yeah, holy shit. And so, wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm nasty. 2D 10 plus 5 right
Tim Sackton: yup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I only did 10 damage. That's sad.
Tim Sackton: Better than nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Tim Sackton: That's the second spear attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Nope, that's gonna Miss
Tim Sackton:  and then
Tim Sackton: he will cast
Tim Sackton: light. You have to make a constitution saving, throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me
Tim Sackton: you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
That fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you take 30 points of necrotic damage as reaches out and touches you with this desiccating blast. Fuck that man.
Tim Sackton: Now it's your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. I'm gonna do another stunning. Strike
Tim Sackton: but I'll I'll start next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's me right. You then seeker them delivered.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll start with my staff attacks. Do I have advantage right now or no?
Tim Sackton: No advantage. 24. That hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 damage? And then. Yeah, I'll do. I'll do a as you hit him.
Tim Sackton: This like cold shield, shadowy shield that's around him lashes out at you, and you take 25 points of damage. A fuck
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: goofy.
Mike Sackton: he has armor, he has the same. No, I have. But
Mike Sackton: I've never managed to actually have a damage. Anybody.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So now he's gonna do it again if you hit him again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what do I do?
Mike Sackton: Rage to tax
Tim Sackton: shit fist of planar power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mr. Planner power
Mike Sackton: wait. So he's only doing this against it's it's in response to taking damage. You gotta we gotta get rid of his 25.
Mike Sackton: Actually, his points should almost be out. You've done you did.
Mike Sackton: How much damage did you? 20 points of damage? So he so fist a point of power power, should get rid of the ice shield. If it does 5 points a bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'll do that. Then as a second, my second attack.
Tim Sackton: he succeeds on the save while the natural 20.
Tim Sackton: But I still think I think it still does damage. Is that right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did 21 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, they pick half as much damage, so half damage when you can't move it. So
Tim Sackton: yeah, 10 damage. So that gets rid of the ice shield
Tim Sackton: which you can see crumbles around him. Now, can I do some bonus action effects?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. Unarmed. Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19.
Tim Sackton: Not ads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? So 9 damage. And then I'm doing a stunning strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: con, save
Tim Sackton: 13.
Tim Sackton: What does it say is the stunning strike?
I'll check
Tim Sackton: 16. So okay, so he's done again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking. Yes, okay. And then I think I've got 2 more right?
Tim Sackton: 2 more attacks. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so nasty. Alright. Let's see. Oh, no. 13 that misses probably. Misses, but you have advantage because it's done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck, okay? And then I hit 25.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and that does another 11. And then my final lipsack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I do 5 attacks. It's crazy. 20 with advantage. And see if I get a credit. 23.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that does another 7 damage. Hmm.
Tim Sackton: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit!
Tim Sackton: Kenza's turn
Tim Sackton: secret and dealt with
Eric Rosenbaum:  Use the ice thing and try and kill them right? That's what I was thinking. Yes, I will fire off more ice daggers at the
Tim Sackton: what is this thing called the shadow Guy?
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So we'll just like I'll just like fire off 4 of them at
Tim Sackton: this one's still pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't even know how much time I put. S. 3. Just just do just roll 16 d. 20.
Tim Sackton: You have advantage on every attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I just rolled 4.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Eric Rosenbaum: so those
Tim Sackton: those pet
Eric Rosenbaum: and then say, that's 2.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's 2 attacks. Right? Oh, yeah. So just just do slash. R. 12.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this morning and
Mike Sackton: question that hits
Tim Sackton: that hits. Oh, I have one cran that hits the 6 misses that hits. That's a crad. So you have
Tim Sackton: the credit doubles. So that's
Mike Sackton: it's out of this 9 head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. So 18 d. 6,
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, 1,800 and d. 6. This is our ship acting here. Really, that was our last. None. We have one more charge. Right? You got one more charge.
Tim Sackton: Wow! You're probably not gonna need that. I think Dealworth is gonna kill him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking, buy, and can I even hit him?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then also the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll jump into the fray. Here
Mike Sackton: is he visible like, where is he standing?
Kate Sackton: He's on the water 20 feet below. Actually, because he's standing on the water.
Tim Sackton: You can see you can see those
Tim Sackton: vibrant
Mike Sackton: while Seeker can see, because he's he's young.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can see. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: but the rest of you can't see him, cause he is below the railing.
Kate Sackton: What if we stand on the edge of the railing?
Tim Sackton: I may not get to my turn, but that's what I was going to probably see. and I go over the edge. 16 16 misses. Oh, on the is that on the
Tim Sackton: the gloom stalker or the
Eric Rosenbaum: shot glimpstalker? I thought right?
Eric Rosenbaum: That is where the legend hits the gloom stalker. Okay, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's
Tim Sackton: I mean, he also has a minus 2 A/C, because he's slow. And so this and he's blinded. So you have advantage this this gloom stalker is a totally sitting dog.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice and slide and slow synaptic static.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the damage was one to 10, plus something that I didn't understand, plus 5
Eric Rosenbaum: 22%. Look at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's gonna be 11.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Plan secrets turned dealt with.
Mike Sackton:  how badly injured do these guys look?
Tim Sackton: Which guys.
Mike Sackton: I guess I can't really see them, but are the is the gloom stalker badly injured?
Mike Sackton: This one is badly injured. This one is still vanished. Which
Mike Sackton: right? But what about this? What about the sorry, not the gloom stalker? What is this guy called the Shadow hunter. Yeah, you can't see him from where you are.
Tim Sackton: The 2 hawks next to you are undamaged, but well be killed. One with one head.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think I'm just
Mike Sackton: just gonna attack the hawks.
Mike Sackton: I'll do an attack against the first talk.
Mike Sackton: Does does 19 hit
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: These ones are slow. So they have
Mike Sackton: does 13 damage kill? I mean, it's actually more than that.
Mike Sackton: There's 20 damage. Kill it?
Tim Sackton: Not quite.
Tim Sackton: But it's badly hurt. While we did 31
Mike Sackton: hold. Am I forgetting any bonus damage
Mike Sackton: now? Cause I didn't cast any spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much did the 18?
Mike Sackton: We 1673 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking crazy man? Our ship is nasty. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: attack it again, Adams.
Mike Sackton: I assume that kills that kills it. Yeah, okay. And then I'll
Mike Sackton: while it's 4 extra, I'll attack the other one
Tim Sackton: that it's
Mike Sackton: 20 that doesn't kill it does. It
Tim Sackton: doesn't quite kill it. But it's badly hurt.
Mike Sackton:  and it can't take reactions right?
Tim Sackton: I can't take reactions or bonus actions.
Tim Sackton: I can move half speed
Mike Sackton: if I'm wait. If I just climb up to here, can I see or there? Can I see down to this guy you climb over to there, you can see. Yeah, you can see it.
Mike Sackton:  okay, do it.
Mike Sackton: But that's more like
Tim Sackton: 30 feet away, 40 feet away, because you're going looking down.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So it's right.  I don't really have any useful bonus actions, anyway.
Mike Sackton: Spell slots.
Mike Sackton: It's not really worth
Mike Sackton: cursing him. I don't think so.
Mike Sackton:  I'll just wait there.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the 2 hawks now are gonna close in on. Well, be
Tim Sackton:  that is.
Tim Sackton: it was both hits. That's a 19 and a 21.
Tim Sackton: So you are, gonna take
Tim Sackton:  12 points of damage from the first hit and 11 points of damage from the second hit
David Schwartz: Kenny Dodge on the first. It's sort of a 7 tiger.
Tim Sackton: I mean. It's your turn
David Schwartz: I love saves from slow. Nope does not say from slow
Tim Sackton: Oh, and let me see if it means, doctor said to vanish, does not say she vanish.
David Schwartz: I'll attack the one to the right of me. Okay.
Tim Sackton: yep. That adds.
Tim Sackton: that kills that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. This blinded.
Tim Sackton: slowed.
Tim Sackton: static claims talker.
Kate Sackton: has no idea what's going on, but can hear Kenso
Tim Sackton: below him. So it's going to fly down
Tim Sackton: and try and grab. Kenza
Tim Sackton: has disadvantage on the attack.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: 20 to head.
Tim Sackton: So that hits.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna do
Tim Sackton: 28 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: and Kento has grappled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys, this is not good.
Kate Sackton: In the pauses and blinds
Tim Sackton: bloom stacked balls of the blind, slowed, synaptic static
Tim Sackton: stalker who's already used 3 quarters of its movement to lie down, and can only get
Tim Sackton: 5 feet above the water with his remaining movement.
Tim Sackton: Wincenzo in his in his claws.
Tim Sackton: and that will end his turn. Risen, is off
Kate Sackton: alright.
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait! Let me see if you save some languages, effects
Tim Sackton: not saved from synapse. Static.
Tim Sackton: not save from
Tim Sackton: blind, did wait. He has to make a save. To recover from blind right
Tim Sackton: does not say from slow
Kate Sackton: peer over the edge of the ship was dealt with.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you still have your sunbeam up so you can shoot another beam.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, but I wanted to be able to see
Mike Sackton: down to the interest, the interest guy, but we we don't want him to get away with. Well, but that's okay
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: But he just went. Wait after Riswin is
Tim Sackton: after wizard is the banished gleam stalker
Tim Sackton: and the dead, and the nearly dead Shadow hunter. Okay, and then Kenzo, and then and then Kenzo, then Seeker then dealt with.
Mike Sackton: So we all get actions. But he won't escape. I mean I'd kill the glooms. I'd kill the Shadow Hunter.
Kate Sackton: So sorry I pulled up the wrong spell, but it's got a width to. It isn't like 5 feet or something. Are they within 5 feet of each other? I can't. I got it? No, because the sockers, flying like 10 feet above the
Tim Sackton: in the air.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it's only 5 feet wide, so never mind.
Kate Sackton: Well, they were both attacking Porcenzo, so I thought they might be close enough to each other. But sure, all right, I'll pick
Kate Sackton: also weapon one of them. Right? Yeah, we can spiritual weapon the bloom stalker. Yeah. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: But first, I'm going to sunbeam the
Kate Sackton: that fails guy with a hood. It fails. It fails a saving throw. Oh, okay. that thought you said my son being tails.
Kate Sackton: All right. So then I roll the
Tim Sackton: yeah, that that is, gonna kill that shadow, wonder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Kate Sackton: and then the spiritual weapon moves down to wherever it needs to be. do
Kate Sackton: damage on the, or to try to attack the blinded thing. It's an advantage. Right?
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: 16. We're doing each roll again.
Tim Sackton: 16. This one's slowed. So 60 hits. Yes.
Kate Sackton: alright. So
Kate Sackton: just 7.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that is not quite enough to kill it. The banished gleam stalker gets to see if he comes back.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: Cheddar hunters, Dad Kenzo, you are grappled in the claws of this creature, you are still welcome to attack it, but your speed is 0.
Tim Sackton: There it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: slowly, laboriously trying to play away with you. My section is good.
Tim Sackton:  you can try, but it's a strength check
Tim Sackton: or acro. You can make acrobatics actually to ungrapple yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that as I have a plus n acrobatics.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo drops to the ground.
Kate Sackton: The gloom block are not
Tim Sackton: the water right? Kenza drops to the water beneath the gloom stalker. It's somewhat uncertain as to whether he has escaped or not, and it's
Tim Sackton: slightly adult state.
Tim Sackton: and that brings up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But is that as can I do. But can I bonus action anything?
Tim Sackton:  yes, actually you should bonus action first, because once yes, let me let me let me bonus action and and fight him, hit him a bunch of times, then drop my strap myself.
Tim Sackton: let me unarmed, strike. I get 3 attacks for the bonus actions. Yep. if you spend the kidney.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pentaky, totally 20 that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13. Damage
Tim Sackton:  16 hits, it's slowed.
Tim Sackton: Flow does get minus 2 days. C. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: 12. Yes, yes, that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 12 damage!
Tim Sackton: That kills it! No need to escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, amazing!
Tim Sackton: It does crash into the water as you pull away from it
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: run out of the way of this splash as this creature sinks into the ground.
Tim Sackton: And now, with only the banished gloom, Stalker left.
Tim Sackton: and and one Raven park.
Tim Sackton: You, I presume, gather around and just wait for it to return, and then
Tim Sackton: homage of that without much fanfare.
Kate Sackton: and Kenza climbs up the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Henzo stands on the ladder. Just kind of.
Tim Sackton: So with that
Tim Sackton: their shadow hunters are dispatched.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: quiet returns to the wire front of Tolen at 2 in the morning.
Tim Sackton: You can see there's a there's a
Tim Sackton: a rowboat with like
Tim Sackton: 12 guardsmen on it racing towards you.
Tim Sackton: There's commotion on the docks. There's like, you know the bodies of people who were
Tim Sackton: picked up and tossed by these creatures.
Tim Sackton:  There's a bit of chaos. But the
Tim Sackton: people on the boats at least see the the guard on the boats at least sees the last one fall into the water and disappear beneath the waves of the pull in harbor.
Tim Sackton: and a middle-aged man wearing a breastplate and
Tim Sackton:  sword like
Tim Sackton: looks up at you, and and shouts to confusion.
Tim Sackton: What was that?
Mike Sackton: Hunters, assassins
Tim Sackton: been years since we were attacked by anything such as that
Tim Sackton: hunting what?
Eric Rosenbaum: It turned our ship into a ball of ice
Mike Sackton: hunting
Mike Sackton: enemies of Chartin
Mike Sackton: there are some. it is hunting. That was, we'll admit that is something else.
Mike Sackton: not gonna lie here. They're hunting us.
Mike Sackton: There seem to be some
Mike Sackton: powers and chartin that
Kate Sackton: I don't know if you need to go into the chart and thing, if you're already admitting they're hunting us. The more people who don't like charting the better
Mike Sackton: right like, I agree with you off on this one.
Mike Sackton: Why would we? Incredibly reckless? Exactly right like.
Mike Sackton: that's the start, like, why would you do this? It is incredibly reckless and bad of these people to be sending this type of untargeted assassin who does not care what is going on
David Schwartz: in fairness. It's not from Chardon. It's from a happens to be living in Chardon
Mike Sackton: power faction within chart, and that is causing trouble.
Tim Sackton: Are there more of them?
Mike Sackton: It has usually taken
Mike Sackton: quite some time.
Tim Sackton: When are we leaving? By the way, Tim, like what I don't? I've lost track of exact. Is it like the night before we're supposed to be leaving, or something like that. I mean, the ship is done. You need. You need a few days to put in supplies, and
Tim Sackton: like, you know.
Tim Sackton: but you're probably leaving.
Mike Sackton: You were probably planning on leaving in 3 days something like that. It! It usually takes their master
Mike Sackton: weeks to create new ones. We will
Mike Sackton: be on our way in 3 days. I do not think they will trouble you again.
Tim Sackton: He looks kind of shaken and well. We will alert the watch in any case. Thank you for the information. Do you need anything?
Kate Sackton: Thank you for asking.
Mike Sackton: Now let us know if anything
Mike Sackton: there's any other disturbances from these creatures, though tonight
Mike Sackton: I assume it was only these few, but
Mike Sackton: it would be worth alerting the watch and making sure there is nothing else going on.
Tim Sackton: we'll see to it. and he rose off.
Mike Sackton: Are the
Mike Sackton: Were there? Are there like dead people below us? Or were they revived
Mike Sackton: like? Did the no, no, no, no, no, no, the the the weren't there some toll on theirs who got like tossed about? Are they like okay?
Mike Sackton: Should I go do some healing? Do they need some healing?
Tim Sackton:  yeah. I mean, there's there's not.
Tim Sackton: does not seem to be it. There was, like, you know, 6 people who got tossed onto the streets from 60 feet up and did not survive.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's harder to heal.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could do it. But like
Mike Sackton: get you? Well, I guess it's been longer than a minute. Does revivify require a diamond, too?
Tim Sackton: Yup. a less expensive diamond.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: what are you all doing just going back to bed.
Tim Sackton: We skip to the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, yeah. Long rest
Kate Sackton: a long rest before you know. Between now in the morning.
Tim Sackton: if we sleep in. Stop.
Tim Sackton: but you sleep in
Tim Sackton: slowly awake
Tim Sackton: on March tenth. a few days before you leave.
Tim Sackton: There's some discussion at breakfast about what happened, and Aldrich is concerned, and that works are nervous and
Mike Sackton:  I will try and encourage Falter to think about how well the ship performs.
Mike Sackton: See how well, this did right like like, learn from this.
Mike Sackton: You can build powerful things. Faltrick.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: so are you warming to me, controlling the ship. Then think about what you could do if I was in control of the ship
Mike Sackton: and seeker. I leave those decisions to seeker. He is. He is in control here. It's it's it's not up to me.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Okay. we'll talk seeker
Mike Sackton: dealt with like calpastically. Say, the secret. Don't let him do it.
He's not ready.
David Schwartz: will be says to deal with telepathically. We're leaving this decision to seeker.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo has veto. I wouldn't want to say that out loud.
Tim Sackton: So over the next couple of days. You you
Tim Sackton: put in supplies. prepare the ship for departure.
Tim Sackton: and on the March twelfth, the day before you were to leave.
Tim Sackton: Ketcha, the the Kanku who's been staying on the ship.
Tim Sackton: cause you all in and and
Tim Sackton: rolls out the maps and and sits down to ask.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: where are we actually going?
Mike Sackton: You heard of a river called the Cat
Tim Sackton: Cat?
Tim Sackton: I believe that's
Tim Sackton: this river.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Sorry I wasn't scroll this this one here that goes all the way down like
Tim Sackton: a long way, because
Kate Sackton: goes all the way through the forest, and then comes out.
Kate Sackton: which you know. But the most Eastern city
Mike Sackton: there is a there's a town we're looking for.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Zirvinka.
Mike Sackton: not sure pronounce that actually.
Tim Sackton: I know not the
Tim Sackton: names of the cities of the Erskums, and who do not speak the language. But there's no settlements west of. Can you see if I draw a line like this?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: west of about that or north west of about that line.
David Schwartz: We'll be last. Do you know where the sanctuary that the giants keep this
Tim Sackton: sanctuary? The giants keep or not call it. Sanctuary.
David Schwartz: What? What's better for it then?
Tim Sackton: I guess they do keep those who whose work and
Tim Sackton: labor they demand alive.
David Schwartz: I thought there was a city of giants of exiles and escapees, and so on.
David Schwartz: But it sounds more like a slave town.
Tim Sackton: Oh. I don't think they would call it slavery so much as a steep price for safety.
Tim Sackton: Here is where the giants live. We live on our borders.
Eric Rosenbaum: slavery so much as prisoners, with jobs
Eric Rosenbaum: that's like the that's like the headwater that's like where the river starts.
Mike Sackton: That's a long that's close to here, but it's a long way from there to earth.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: vast wildernesses in the north. Hundreds and hundreds of miles of empty forest
Tim Sackton: do not want to go that way.
Tim Sackton: Do not travel to these to this area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait does do not travel mean we should travel there.
Mike Sackton: That's for the vampires. There are rumors of a vampire.
Mike Sackton: They're true.
Tim Sackton: There are giant bats that patrol the skies.
Kate Sackton: larger even than the creatures you fought last night, much in the harbor there, but, or whatever inlet
Tim Sackton: in the mountains.
Tim Sackton: I do not cross the ocean. The scare are safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: It
Mike Sackton: what's
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? So we want to avoid
Kate Sackton: passing through vampire country.
Mike Sackton: do I erase that?
Tim Sackton: Yes, what do you want to avoid.
Mike Sackton: So I'm trying to erase the weird thing I drew in the map. I don't know how I did pretty much, only the vampire bat neighborhood.
Tim Sackton: so we could go north.
Kate Sackton: visit the Giants. I think it makes it go along the river.
Mike Sackton: It makes it hard to go go. cause we don't want to approach Ersk from the ocean. Either.
Mike Sackton: Those are the 2 things we want to avoid. But if we're going to avoid the vampire, we have to either approach Earth shin?
Kate Sackton: Can we just fly over Vostok without any consequences? Is that sort of
Tim Sackton: safe? That's that's safe. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You could fly north to the source of the cat, and then follow the call the cat. Yeah, let's do that. Yeah, that sounds brilliant.
Kate Sackton: What I was suggesting.
Mike Sackton: And that's where the giants are, too, so we can check them out. See what the rumors say?
Tim Sackton: You could.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: maybe. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We have to think about the the pros and cons of showing up in a
Kate Sackton: poor Murray
Mike Sackton: possession of giants. No, it's an but it's honorably acquired. We didn't steal it.
Kate Sackton: Well, if they believe us.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: how fast is this ship travel?
Mike Sackton: What is it? 10 miles an hour, 22 HA day, or something? Is that what we said? 24 HA day so 240 miles a day, so take us 2 days, 3 days to get to the mountains.
So you only have a little time to decide.
Tim Sackton: But yes, about 3 days to get to the mountains.
Tim Sackton: I would suggest, if you wish to follow the cat, that we cross due north
Tim Sackton: across the mountains. Here I got the Canada's headwaters and far down river.
Tim Sackton: It was easy to navigate anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: does not freeze.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: travel over the ice.
Mike Sackton: but we're not gonna sail on it. We're gonna fly above it
Eric Rosenbaum: right. But there might be traffic.
Tim Sackton: There might be traffic. Yes. people do travel the ice quite frequently
Mike Sackton: are there are there? But I was
Mike Sackton: far north, is there?
Tim Sackton: There are changelings that live in the forest?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that may be humans.
Mike Sackton: but those we think are the have you heard the term Vart Vardi
Mike Sackton: golf? Verti
Tim Sackton: sounds like
Tim Sackton: people of the wolf?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate Sackton: some might call changelings that
David Schwartz: might call werewolves, that.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh dear!
Tim Sackton: That is.
Tim Sackton: sounds to me like a word in the tongue of the boss.
Tim Sackton: People who live in the Highlands of Boston.
Tim Sackton: We have some commerce with them.
Tim Sackton: would not say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: yes. not an unfriendly relationship.
Mike Sackton: We should
Mike Sackton: is there?
Mike Sackton: Do you know of anybody? Do you speak their language.
Tim Sackton: I do speak. boss. Do not speak. Erskine
Mike Sackton: boss is what I meant.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: there anything we should prepare to bring with us to trader. establish positive relations with boss or changelings, or.
Kate Sackton: thanks, Jones.
Tim Sackton: your ship is quite well stocked.
Tim Sackton: I would.
Tim Sackton: however, suggest.
Tim Sackton: as we get far north.
Tim Sackton: it will be cold.
Tim Sackton: very cold.
Tim Sackton: Spring does not come till June, and then northern forest
Tim Sackton: not want to fly too high.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: We have any magical sources of making everybody making everything hot out of curiosity.
David Schwartz: We could get cult protection tattoos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: elemental plan of fire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bridge
Eric Rosenbaum: we could use that would keep the ship warm just open a plane inside.
Mike Sackton: Because, like, let's just stay in like
Tim Sackton: why is this complicated?
David Schwartz: Because eventually we have to leave the ship, and especially if we're trying to sneak in undetected. That may be leaving a ship for extended periods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we cast heat metal on our own armor
Eric Rosenbaum: just over to work just low temperature.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can certainly get
Tim Sackton: warm clothes. That's not a challenge.
Kate Sackton: I would have assumed that that was part of what the stocking you were doing, because we knew north.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum:  it's more. If you want to fly, you know.
Tim Sackton: 5,000 feet up, so that you're not super visible to anybody. It might be somewhat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's that's interesting. Well, presumably the ice shield protects us
Mike Sackton: right a little bit, but it only lasts an hour, so I guess that's not that helpful?
Mike Sackton: I think we just.
Mike Sackton: I mean, what are we gonna do except just fly right like
Tim Sackton: I'll be ready.
Tim Sackton: Should we leave tomorrow?
Tim Sackton: Anything else you need to do in total.
No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  do we need warm things?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I'm assuming part of stock in the ship is buying like furs and warm cloaks and stuff like that
Tim Sackton: that would require
Tim Sackton: a little bit more extensive spending.
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we? Should we see if there's if we could find a feel like
Mike Sackton: things that keep us magically one. But I don't know. Does that really help us cause? Yeah, I was just gonna say our crew would all freeze to death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So we would need a way to keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, more and more like
Eric Rosenbaum: quarter to one.
Kate Sackton: Don't we have like
Kate Sackton: fireplaces, or whatever we use to like?
Mike Sackton: II think we just probably can't fly at 8,000 feet where it's probably negative 50.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're right.
right.
Kate Sackton: Can I put a wall of fire around.
Mike Sackton: But you can't make that permanent right? So
Mike Sackton: there's lots of ways. We could fly it
Mike Sackton: 8,000 feet for 20 min.
Mike Sackton: but for 5 days. We don't have any S. Anything that would keep us.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny. Wall of stone can be made permanent, and I can reflavor elements.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could you make a wall of warm stone permanently. Not a fire, but just hot stone, like a Spa.
Mike Sackton: right? Like I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: just it's just the flooring, Tim. We're just we're just doing heated floors on the ship. That's what everybody wants.
Tim Sackton: Some fancy heated floors on your
Tim Sackton: in your living quarters that that's that might be feasible
Eric Rosenbaum: where it's like you can do that. We just can't control the temperature. So they're all like 400 degrees.
Eric Rosenbaum: It gets really hot. You can make a really good pizza oven.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: let's just let's just head out. I don't. I think there's probably not a lot of benefit
Mike Sackton: right like, if we have to flow low and
Mike Sackton: over the cat as we travel through
Mike Sackton: these northern wastes.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Like we want to put out a sign that says, if you are interesting. Please come, talk to us, and people need to be able to see it so like, why do we care for
Eric Rosenbaum: if you're aware, if you are a werewolf and or a white dragon. We would like your visiting.
Mike Sackton: Yes, so that we can kill you and take your Corey bits to trade with the Erskine.
Tim Sackton: So the next morning
Mike Sackton: can we write that in in? We'll get the Voss to write it in all the languages they know right of the sides.
Eric Rosenbaum: It will be like the video, yeah.
Tim Sackton: we'll hunt
Tim Sackton: Anything. Is there anything that anybody has done during the past
Tim Sackton: months that you've been in toll in that you wanna spend 5 min on
Tim Sackton: anybody that you're are you recruiting anybody? I think you're gonna recruit a map maker. Is that right? Anybody else? You want to recruit
Mike Sackton: busy mentoring already. That was at some point. We'll mention the fact that the gods have mentioned that there's a
Mike Sackton: somebody else who fell out of a shadow the same shadow, some shadow dimension just like like. Deal with it around here
Mike Sackton: somewhere nearby. I don't know where, but we should keep an eye out.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Recruit a map maker.
Tim Sackton: Anything else anybody wants to do in Tollen. How how people spend per month
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penza's hanging out a lot with is lady friend. Cause why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice
Mike Sackton: Dallas actually spending a lot of time in his little We've lost half our lives group therapy session with overdream with Sara.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I like it.
Mike Sackton: There's nothing romantic about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But why not?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not? Men are allowed to have Platonic friendships with women. This is great, this is great. This is a great power move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you should you should total, you should marry into the the Denmark
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leadership. This will help us when we amass our army to liberate Chartin
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Kate Sackton: I think, from a support. Groups have rules against relationships.
Mike Sackton: Well, this is very informal. I don't know if there's any official rules about the Travis support groups, for we spent half our lives in a cursed dimension, and everybody we knew has changed when we came back. It is very disorienting.
Kate Sackton: but we're looking for a third member
Kate Sackton: awkward.
Mike Sackton: I mean lots of scrying, too, right like
Mike Sackton: that was always fiddling around with the scribe mirror being like, Oh, rattimers.
Mike Sackton: stick again!
Eric Rosenbaum: And we talked for a second about Polyon like Barton. You!
Mike Sackton: No, that's not no, that was like pretending that never happened. No, that's we'll deal with that later. It's not never happened. It didn't happen. But nothing happened. Secret. What are you talking about?
Mike Sackton: Whoever said yes, describing a polynom, I think that was Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, that was me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I've had. I've made direct eye contact with him. So you know we had our whole. you know. being a little sexy time. Moment.
Mike Sackton:  yeah. Just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: update. Kenzo Kaiser, your your friend seems to be doing well. Is there a way to communicate with him?
Mike Sackton: Yes, I can dream. Yes, I will, I will. I will dream him. Can cast sending, too. Yeah, but yeah, I think I can cast dream on somebody else.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's true. You can cast dream on Kenza Kenza.
Mike Sackton: Oh, shit so I can. I can. I can talk to him in my dreams. Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sick. Yeah. Dude not. I do that. We don't have to role play this, Tim, but I definitely check it on him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give up! What is he doing? What's what's what's he been up to?
Tim Sackton: He's he's hanging out in homery. reconnect reconnecting with his old buddy was here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is he also? like in the illicit Gotza trade. Now, is he like
Tim Sackton: he's always interested in like weird rituals and stuff. He's probably some time talking to the salt wizard phone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow. sec.
Tim Sackton: but he's he's settled it, and he seems this seems like a pretty safe place to at least spend the winter not planning on traveling until
Tim Sackton: May at the soonest.
Tim Sackton: You've got rooms in town.
Tim Sackton:  talking to, you know.
Tim Sackton: all charged in soldiers and
Tim Sackton:  people who run crazy big fish and
Tim Sackton:  collectors of song.
Tim Sackton: That sort of thing
Tim Sackton: love it.
Mike Sackton: I am after fast, though, does the sending the next night I'm gonna try and send him a nightmare.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tries to have a nightmare.
Tim Sackton: Does not nothing happens?
Mike Sackton: Well, no, he I still send him nothing. It
Tim Sackton: Nope, nothing happens.
Mike Sackton: The dream doesn't work. They have to be on the same plane of existence as you.
Mike Sackton: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: Fausto's probably found his way to pandemonium.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which is
Eric Rosenbaum: bad.
Mike Sackton: I'll try again the next night.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: doesn't nothing happens. I will then just keep trying every night.
Tim Sackton: He seems not to sleep on this plane of existence.
Mike Sackton: Oh, boy, fascinating!
Mike Sackton: That's smart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, boy.
Mike Sackton: okay, that's fascinating. Alright.
Tim Sackton: So you prepared to leave
Tim Sackton: ship flying parting toll in
Tim Sackton:  You've got your newly recruited mapmaker and the Alf. Gardener that at some point over the next month we'll have a little flashback introduction for
Tim Sackton:  all as always is like, you know, standing at the bow just like fascinated by
Tim Sackton: the world
Tim Sackton: he's been. He's been practicing his. He's been training with Kenzo right? He's been practicing. He's starting to pick up quarter staff. Not super good yet.
Tim Sackton: just like sort of going around to everybody like Wow, like. look at the view! Isn't that amazing. I've never been this far North before. He looks kind of. I mean, he's a desert boy, right like he looks kind of strange in these.
Tim Sackton: He's like wearing really heavy fur, like way heavier than you really should need to wear. Given the
Tim Sackton: actual environment out.
Tim Sackton:  And Frederick, of course, as always, is hanging around, hanging around seeker
Tim Sackton: his little rock Phoenix is rock.
Tim Sackton: Bird is now like flying in circles and
Tim Sackton: sprouting actually pretty decent bursts of fire from its from its mouth, like just
Tim Sackton: kind of shooting them up in the air like little fire fountains blasting out has clearly gotten better.
Tim Sackton:  The 2 Orcs. I've spent nearly the entire time. Well,
Tim Sackton: Newsgar, the archivist, that spent nearly the entire time
Tim Sackton: painstakingly piecing together shredded bits of records and books primarily about drink, or
Tim Sackton: recovered from the cars and archives, and has passed them along to you.
Tim Sackton:  Those are
Eric Rosenbaum: the chat.
Tim Sackton: and and isn't like super excited about. Here's here's the stuff she made.
Tim Sackton: Ha! She hasn't been neither, or has been super excited about like
Tim Sackton: meeting the people of Toll, and they they both seem a little bit
Tim Sackton: wary of civilization, and are happy that you seem to be
Tim Sackton: now heading back into the wilderness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, do you make these images with, What'd you make these images with
Tim Sackton: the the map I drew? And then I just messed it up in Photoshop. The pencil images II made with
Tim Sackton: mid journey, and then edited in Photoshop
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sick. They look awesome
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so cool.
Kate Sackton: If you spend time in pandemonium
Mike Sackton: now did what we never went there. They never went there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I just thought of one other thing that Kenza was doing in Tallinn. Yeah, he also spends time just like you know, cause he's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. Obviously, he's been training Alma.
Tim Sackton: ammo, yeah, amo Amal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but he's also like looking for new students, you know, like he doesn't wanna actively bring any new ones. But he like hosts. A few like open, open house type things like, come on the boat. If you wanna learn more about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spirituality getting in touch with cool monk shit, etc., you know. He sort of just puts out some feelers in town and see who's around. So he does that a couple of times is. And just just putting the word out that yeah, definitely. I mean, there's there's all kinds in toll toll is a pretty I mean, it's a pretty diverse city. There's lots of
Tim Sackton: you know. It has. It has a bit of a like sort of Renaissance vibe. Right? So it's all sorts of people interested in all sorts of things. So you definitely get you've kept people get, you know, a good number of people who kind of show up and express some interest, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, kind of hang out a bit. And it's really well, maybe you know when you're back in town, maybe let's talk some more. Yeah. Yeah. So so Kenz Kenza starts, you know, kind of figuring out his his his some like workshops and some engagement to build out our own army when we wanna take over gardin
Tim Sackton: course stoked.
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: you leave
Tim Sackton: slowly begin drifting north.
Tim Sackton: crossing Vostok, heading to the
Tim Sackton: the mountains that separate Vostok from
Tim Sackton: from the lands beyond, from the vast forests. and
the first day is is
Tim Sackton: cold but clear, and you spend a a day just sort of heading north across the in, you know, crossing into the sort of interior Highlands of Boston.
Tim Sackton:  crossing over some, you know, rivers and forests and a couple of lakes.
Tim Sackton: Next day also
Tim Sackton: mirror. But there's storm clouds on the horizon. and the mountains ahead, which are growing as you approach. are
Tim Sackton:  snowy and and and covered in, you know.
Tim Sackton: Breathe in clouds.
Tim Sackton: The third day of your journey. March fifteenth.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: cross a river at dawn.
Tim Sackton: the mountains getting closer and closer as day the day progresses, and as the sun begins to stat
Tim Sackton: and dips below the horizon. You can see you're basically heading into a snowstorm on the mountains.
Tim Sackton: Ketcha has, you know, is flying ahead and is like
Tim Sackton: you wanna press on
Tim Sackton: at night? Do you ever stop this thing?
Mike Sackton: Where are we?
Kate Sackton: How far north we're in the foothills of the you're like, you're like here.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I can't. Oh, okay. I just I went where? So we're past that first. Okay. we should land.
Mike Sackton: II don't think a snowstorm is wise.
Mike Sackton: It's not. It's not a necessary risk. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: how high we need to fly to avoid running into a mountain.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: let's let's find a spot to take shelter from this storm in the foothills somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm. Okay?
Tim Sackton:  I mean, that's that's easy enough.
Tim Sackton: you're all wellbe is can't roll lower than what a 26 on survival, or something like that, so easy enough to find shelter. And you got plenty of food, and
Tim Sackton: you got like 2 months worth of food stocked in and geothermal heated floors. So.
Mike Sackton: And Dallas actually has a tendency to send out his links to collect food. Anyway, as we pass through areas right. So like
Mike Sackton: we also try and not use our supplies as much as possible. Right?
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: The next day.
Tim Sackton: Just complete whiteout conditions,
Tim Sackton: blizzard moving across. strong wind blowing.
Tim Sackton:  ketcha spends much of the time just kind of huddled
Tim Sackton: in the
Tim Sackton:  in the in the I don't know wherever a nice
Tim Sackton: dining hall, whatever. The Alf gardener spends a lot of time sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, standing around the tree just kind of
Tim Sackton: tending to it and make sure it doesn't die in the snow. I think Kenza helps with that as well.
Tim Sackton: probably not a day that you're going anywhere.
Kate Sackton: Do frostoans have weather? Magic. Do we need to like detect magic these storms and see if any of them are unnatural.
Kate Sackton: or would that even work? Can you tell if
Kate Sackton: weather, magic, storm, magic, storm.
Mike Sackton:  I'll ask the gods if the storm is caused by natural, unnatural by magic.
David Schwartz: Sure, yeah, or or my act light, and I can pray about it, or both.
Tim Sackton:  mean to Robbie's eyes it doesn't look magic.
Tim Sackton: The gods don't.
Tim Sackton: Don't say it's magic, it's not magic.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: There are certainly stories of seeker knows about
Tim Sackton: frost giants controlling the weather, but this does not seem to be a frost. Giants caused storm.
Tim Sackton: So you wait.
Tim Sackton: huddled in your massive.
Tim Sackton: well stocked, well protected hall in the middle of the wilderness
Tim Sackton: till the next morning. Dawn's clear snow drifts everywhere. It snowed about a foot
Tim Sackton: in the night, but the sun is shining, the clouds have cleared up.
Tim Sackton:  You can see the mountains ahead of you.
Tim Sackton: and you rise.
Tim Sackton: and you begin to cross right?
Kate Sackton: Are we crossing through towards the river, or we
Kate Sackton: heading towards where we think the giants are?
Mike Sackton: We're crossing at this low point here. Right? Sorry I have not the wrong. Yeah, there's the elevations are lower here. So
Tim Sackton: your your
Tim Sackton: have to be something like this. Now, the giants basically stretch from here all the way to here. So this is definitely
Tim Sackton: giant territory. It's a question of whether we're gonna
Mike Sackton: no, I think we should. I misunderstood and thought the giants hung out on the western side of mountain range. Not the eastern side. Got it. Now, thank you. Let's actively look for them. Right? I mean.
Mike Sackton: let's occasionally fly high
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: scout about, do we? Can we get? I'll be? Can't you like summon birds and things
Mike Sackton: like? Are there?
Mike Sackton: Are there any rumors of from the birds and the ox and the elk, or whatever's around of really big people.
Mike Sackton: places not to go cause you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Make
Tim Sackton: animal handling check Robby.
Kate Sackton: or for the birds places to go to get some good carryin
Eric Rosenbaum: rogues. Man. 32. That's not a bad role.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So so while we spend some morning after the snowstorm kind of community, you know, talking to the birds. And
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: there's so you learn 3 things from the animals around, and and there's a decent I mean, there's a
Tim Sackton: this is this is not
Tim Sackton: no, this is like winter turning to spring, right like mid March, a lot of the animals that started to come out of hibernation. There's definitely birds around. It's not a barren wasteland right? And especially right after the snow.
Tim Sackton: You know, there's animals trying to market food and things like that. It's mid march. It's like March seventeenth now.
Tim Sackton: so nearly officially spring.
Tim Sackton: so so 3 things.
Tim Sackton: The the the place you don't go
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton:  It's more than a day's flight north of here. so like. I don't know something like more than 30, 40 miles. So we're talking like somewhere in this area.
Tim Sackton:  and it's not that where they eat the birds.
Tim Sackton:  It's that the  the giant wolves.
Tim Sackton: and the impression you get from this is like
Eric Rosenbaum: perfect.
bigger, like horse-sized worlds eat the birds.
Tim Sackton: That's a place. They don't go
Tim Sackton:  The giant people pen the giant wolves
Mike Sackton: first.
Tim Sackton: and also
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: giant giant, giant, hairy beasts with tusks
Tim Sackton: that the giant people ride.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What are the I wanna go see? Like a Willie
Mike Sackton: Bamath the size of Vintestrada?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, totally right, like.
Tim Sackton: So those are all the things you avoid, although only the giant wolves eat the birds, the giant people, and the giant giant Harry. Things don't eat the birds.
Tim Sackton: The giant people. according to the Alk. eat a lot of elk.
Tim Sackton: so the elk don't go there. Birds are happy to go there.
Tim Sackton: but they also keep giant goats.
I think we should go, I think. Let's
Mike Sackton: let's go check it out.
David Schwartz: regardless of whether this is any relevant to the voyage to earth. This place sounds amazing. So after well, we talked to the elk. We eat the elk right?
Tim Sackton: The links.
Tim Sackton:  so so you turn slightly northwest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and head to where the animal say, don't go.
Eric Rosenbaum: No
Kate Sackton: predictability. That's what I thought as the giants were in the
Kate Sackton: in the mountains.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, they are like this. This, roughly, is where that. like the animals are telling you.
Tim Sackton:  so turn slightly north.
Tim Sackton: So you spend some time
Tim Sackton: the most of the morning and into the afternoon, flying not super high over the the sort of I mean these are. These are steep, snowy mountains. You pass glaciers like
Tim Sackton: everything, is completely covered in snow and ice below you. Once you get above
Tim Sackton: even a small amount of elevation. It's like there's like stunted pines, but almost no trees. Once you get super high, there are these deep valleys in between mountains.
Tim Sackton: But often have lakes, you know, filled with trees and and you know. Occasionally a small river or something rushing through them, frozen. Now see some frozen waterfalls.
Tim Sackton: But there's this sort of pattern of these steep glacial hill mountains, and then these deep valleys in between them.  and as you're heading north,
Tim Sackton: by maybe 3 in the afternoon or so after having gone 80 ish miles
Tim Sackton: you're not super high up right, but you can still see a decent distance away.
Tim Sackton: And you can see now what looks
Tim Sackton: probably like a
Tim Sackton: some kind of
Tim Sackton: clearing a mine.
Mike Sackton: You can see. Sorry. Did you say a mine? I just didn't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. A mine like an entrance into the mountains, and you can see that there are 2.
Tim Sackton: And this is this is maybe from a mile away. So you're definitely gonna be visible, too.
Tim Sackton:  you can see that there are 2
Tim Sackton: giants like very big giants, 15 foot tall, not quite as big as wrong. Gar. clearly, definitely giants.
Tim Sackton: they are both wearing
Tim Sackton:  they're both wearing armor.
Tim Sackton:  kind of like silvery plated armor.
Tim Sackton: and they have
Tim Sackton: javelins dropped to their back that are like 10 feet long each, and have these big tips made out of ice.
Tim Sackton: and they're both mounted on enormous woolly mammoths.
Tim Sackton: like larger than a woolly mammoth really should be.
Tim Sackton: and I see by watching over
Mike Sackton: dinosaur-sized, woolly mammoths
Kate Sackton: should be like envisioning like a bratosaurus or not. Quite that big something like a 15
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a stegosaurus. Okay? Somebody got a mid journey disc. Somebody got a mid person on an elephant. But then make the person 15 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, basically that. hey? Awesome, maybe more like a person on a horse. right? So they're they're like
Tim Sackton: 30 feet big, the woolly mammoths.
Tim Sackton:  it's him throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Sorry. Just just Kenza would have done this before before all this? Just general commune with nature and commune with nature, but also like kind of asking about beings related like, it's sort of like, are these giants like indigenous and like peaceful. And it's chilling, or are they like fucking stuff up? And is, you know, as the plant and wildlife like scared, so that that type of vibe?
Tim Sackton:  Make
Tim Sackton: make a roller roller, d. 20 and add
Tim Sackton: 8.
Tim Sackton: So wisdom, proficiency. What do we go?
Mike Sackton: What you have? Some
Kate Sackton: tongs. Abilities.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. 23. Does that
Kate Sackton: translate with the whole like links? Message thing like, could we send a message in ice giant-ish ahead with the lynx's.
Mike Sackton: You have to actually write out the message.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Do we have enough knowledge, magical
Kate Sackton: or otherwise, to write in ice? Giant-ish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? But what was the result, Tim.
Tim Sackton: So getting back to Kenza, so
Tim Sackton:  your your like vibe of the mountains like before you see the giants. But as you're heading in that direction. You sort of extend your your
Tim Sackton: consciousness of your staff, and and this is a I mean, this is a pretty unfamiliar terrain to Kenzo, right like there's no trees. There's almost nothing living.  you're high up. There's just ice and snow, and it's cold
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: it's it's a bit harder than you know. This is not like being in the the forest on the other side, like totally Kenza's by. But right here your connection is weak. But even so, you do get a sense like
Tim Sackton: it's not the the frost giants are invaders, right? They definitely feel part of the land.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: but there's it's clearly not completely in harmony.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very useful.
Tim Sackton: And as you approach, it seems like these 2 giants are like watching over something. But they're too small to see from this distance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: watching over something like I like, I
Kate Sackton: like a mining operation manned by slave labor
Tim Sackton: definitely look like they're standing. I mean, they're standing at watch right like that's right completely. The vibe they're like.
Tim Sackton: you know, mounted and sort of keeping an eye out around. And you know. One of them clearly sees you, and they're looking in your direction. They're like
Tim Sackton: peering in your direction.
Tim Sackton: but only one. The other is like keeping their eye on the on the ground.
Mike Sackton: How far away is this
Tim Sackton: like a mile?
Mike Sackton: Can we clairvoyance? What's the range on clairvoyance
Tim Sackton: a mile?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a mile.
Mike Sackton: Should we like
Mike Sackton: check it out before we get too close?
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: the giants typically have magic abilities.
Tim Sackton: I mean, rag are certainly dead.
Tim Sackton: although he wasn't a typical giant, I would say, typically not
Tim Sackton: super likely.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll clairvoyance with vision to try to
Eric Rosenbaum: see what they're looking down the ground at.
Tim Sackton: As your Clairvorian sensor appears you can see below you.
Tim Sackton: It looks like there's maybe a dozen dwarves
Tim Sackton: that are
Tim Sackton: carrying or out of the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are slaves? What what kind of war
Eric Rosenbaum: I heard to tell. Probably iron.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll switch to audio
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: The 2 giants are are like talking to each other in these loud, booming voices you can almost hear with your plain ears
Tim Sackton: the 2 giants, and they seem to be like
Tim Sackton: You do pick up the sort of muttering of of a couple of the dwarves like
Tim Sackton: what's got them stirred up. And I mean, obviously, you understand dwarfish. They're speaking in dwarfish. What's got them stirred up now like
Tim Sackton: hmm! Hope it's nothing of consequence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shush! They'll probably take it out on us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, we say we still probably take it out on us the dwarves or the the giants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo, kind of looks at.
Mike Sackton: are we against?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we could have to go free. Some dwarfs from a frost giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, are there? Are our doors alarmed? Or you guys just like cool
Eric Rosenbaum: slightly, certainly puzzled.
Mike Sackton: What language of the frost giants talking in?
Kate Sackton: We we sort of move fast.
Kate Sackton: We sort of moved fast through the like.
Kate Sackton: What were you doing when you were in Toland thing? And I wanted to say that I was like, Se. You know, writing the letters home. Send doing some sendings with and saying, like, you know. Oh, we're going north like, is there any dwarfish lore about this area people's
Kate Sackton: that we are still in communication with anything like that. So do I have any idea who like
Kate Sackton: where these dwarves might trace their lineage like, whether they might be allied or
Kate Sackton: refugees from something worse that are grateful to have this nice giant protection, or whatever this always been dwarf. There's always been doors in these mountains like
Tim Sackton: going way back.
Tim Sackton:  but there's nothing really. I mean, they're not.
Tim Sackton: They've always been. They would always have been sort of peripheral to the
Tim Sackton: your experience like either of you, right? Because there, I mean, there's the sentinels. The Central Mountains doors is like 5 dwarven kingdom. So it's like the center of torment civilization.
Tim Sackton: And then, you know. the Yuvati mountains were settled by refugees from there, and so they still have a lot of connection to the people of the sentinels, but.
Tim Sackton: like these are, these would be quite far away from
Tim Sackton: it's only the like weird dwarves who live in the far North, but nobody really talks to who might
Tim Sackton: have some connection to the dwarves of these mountains. There's there's no but but there's definitely been dwarf, I mean. Certainly, you know, both of you would know there's been dwarves here for
Tim Sackton: forever.
Kate Sackton: so we didn't think they were all destroyed by the big war or anything like that like it's not surprise. There's no scattered dwarves around here.
Kate Sackton: But is there somewhere else that they would be if they weren't here with the frost giants like?
Kate Sackton: I don't know. I guess we have to ask them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they wearing? Are they wearing anything that seeker or Brisbane like recognize related to, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: culture clan, whatever
David Schwartz: hmm
Tim Sackton: they. Their attire is.
Tim Sackton: somewhat shabby and core, but sort of traditional dwarven. I mean, they're wearing furs. They're they're
Tim Sackton: they're dressed for the weather, right? They're not like in thin robes or anything, and they're not
Tim Sackton: other than the fact that they're close from clairvoyance to
Tim Sackton: Jobi. and like patched in many places, and some possibly handed down.
Tim Sackton: It's they're not wearing like slave uniforms or anything.
Tim Sackton: They're not chained.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did the did their voices were they were. Is there? Was there like a certain
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: accent, or whatever I'll tell you like what? Cl, yeah. Again, Michael Clan, where they, from everything you know they have, like Boston accents for doors.
Tim Sackton: but they're probably from these mountains.
Tim Sackton: They would have a somewhat unfamiliar accent to
Mike Sackton: send a note to somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or turn all of ourselves invisible, and go go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have some mechanism to directly talk to them remotely.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just go invisible? And then just I mean, we could just Rainbow Bridge and stand right in front of them. We could all turn invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The giants have seen us right?
Mike Sackton: I mean the generationnership.
Mike Sackton: 4 of us can be invisible.
Mike Sackton: I can't make all 5 of us.
Mike Sackton: When do you got to do it on your own.
David Schwartz: I can do it on my own. I mean, I can stuff over there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we get invisible and go go talk to some dwarfs.
Tim Sackton: So remember, Audrey emerges finally. My chance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I think we can trust Fodor to just like hover the ship. This is his big test.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, alright, Patrick, what do you? What do you think's going down there
David Schwartz: with the dwarves down there?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah. Does Frederick recognize the doors? Frederick? What do you think?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are these guys
Tim Sackton: dwarves down there? I don't see any. There's dwarves with the giants
Tim Sackton: that from your match, Guy. Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I don't know
Tim Sackton: could be okay.
Mike Sackton: Would it make more sense for one person not to be invisible?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe risman
Mike Sackton: or dealt with
Mike Sackton: like, it's kind of weird to land a ship and then have nobody get off it
Mike Sackton: right?
Kate Sackton: I mean, if the current
Kate Sackton: mentality around here is dwarves that are good for mining stuff for us and all the dwarves around here work for us.
Kate Sackton: and somebody flies up in a ship, and it's only dwarves
Kate Sackton: that's going to come off as different than if it's only humans
Kate Sackton: like maybe put our human face of the party forward and
Kate Sackton: hide our dwarf so they don't try to convince us. We convince us that we should be mining
Eric Rosenbaum: to. Maybe we should just talk to the the giants directly. Yeah, that's what I was, I mean, I was thinking, look, when the ship deal with will go out visible.
Mike Sackton: Talk to the giants. you guys can be invisible
Mike Sackton: go, talk to the Dwarf, dwarfs
Kate Sackton: do both. Yes.
Kate Sackton:  but in which was going back to my original like, if we send the Giants and Norden a note in
Kate Sackton: links fashion of some sort, then yeah, possibly you won't have a javelin thrown at you the minute you like. Step off your ship
Kate Sackton: all by yourself in your humanness
Kate Sackton: I'm not human. Call me stop! Call me human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's like, it's like, first.
II think I think that makes sense. I mean, I think I mean, yes, I was thinking, let's send a note.
Mike Sackton: The question is, what's the what's the opening? Is it just a hey? We saw you?
Mike Sackton: Is it a curiosity thing, or is it like we need something, or we're here to seeking information.
Eric Rosenbaum: are we? This is a side quest. So we maximize chaos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but are is the but is the is this whole thing with these guys like like, we're not killing the giants and doing the whole thing with the town right? This is just like these are just some giants we're just talking to right like we don't have. We don't. We don't actually have an agenda.
Mike Sackton: Not yet until we find out. They're like either mistreating the dwarves or not, or I mean, this may turn Tara, who knows? Right? This could turn into a minor.
Kate Sackton: you know, you know inter speciesal skirmish. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe the giants have some problem down in the mind that we could solve for them. Maybe.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What was elvish mining advice, that famous elvish mining advice?
Mike Sackton: I think we should. I'm gonna write a links note
Mike Sackton: to the giants
Mike Sackton: indoor fish, cause I don't
Mike Sackton: cause we don't have any of us. None of us speak, giant, I assume.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I was trying to ask a while ago is.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we had all the library of Prague's library exposure and stuff like that. So if we had picked up any in theory, deal with, could, like, read all of the books and giant and like, do a ransom. Note, style, copy out individual words right like as long as I can pick the word and some other book
Mike Sackton: that might take a while.
Tim Sackton: You could certainly attempt that if you want to.
Mike Sackton: And and it probably comes off weirdly on grammatical right? Cause like it's hard to.
Mike Sackton: I would just do it in dwarven. Now, I would just let's write something and send a message in Dwarven. That's I think
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna I think that's a reasonable.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: So because because you'll say you saw that there's some dwarves there. So you guess you share a common language, even though you're an elf like
Kate Sackton: again, with the let's not show up. Seeming like we're a party of dwarves, because a party of dwarves showing up might seem adversarial to people who are enslaving dwarves.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, no. But it's just cause that's worsh. That's the best guesses to a language. They might speak
Mike Sackton: right alright.
Mike Sackton: and send them a note that's basically like, I am
Mike Sackton: dealt with the elf we're traveling.
Mike Sackton: I'll introduce right like and traveling. I'm not gonna like, take the time to actually write the exact words, but the basic idea would be, we're we're.
Mike Sackton: And I'll say, we yeah.
Mike Sackton: we yeah, no, I'll say we. It's just obviously a crew, right are
Mike Sackton: are heading
Mike Sackton:  west.
Mike Sackton: We're heading to the we're heading west along the Cat east, east. We're heading east along the cat
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: seeking.
Mike Sackton: that?
Mike Sackton: What are we syncing? I don't
knowledge of the peoples there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there you go. We're we're we're we're looking for somebody we're looking for. We're looking for something lost to us us far to the east.
Mike Sackton: vague enough and true enough. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are seeking
Mike Sackton: information
Mike Sackton: about what we might be able to. Is there any reason that are, do storm giants and frost giants have like bad blood?
Mike Sackton: Or do all giants kind of do we have any idea.
Tim Sackton: I mean giants can be competitive.  in the sense that like
Tim Sackton: to the extent to which they are storm giants are sort of perceived as at the top. But
Tim Sackton: you know it's very varies from. you know, from culture to culture there's no
Mike Sackton:  so there's no like ancient animosity. So the idea is a little bit flattering, like we're looking for information. We're willing to trade for information
Mike Sackton: about what dangers there might lie along the cat, and who might live along the cat
Mike Sackton: and drop a whole sort of bit about. We had a very.
Mike Sackton: you know this. We had a good interactions with a a giant named Pragmar.
Mike Sackton: and Giants are, you know.
Mike Sackton: a good, wise, and right, exactly right, like, you know, we we found Frog, our
Mike Sackton: wise and knowledgeable and helpful, and and we did
Mike Sackton: major favor for him, and he gifted us to ship in exchange. Right? And we are hoping we can come to some sort of
Mike Sackton: mutually agreeable
Mike Sackton: exchange exchange right? And that I'd like, you know, and that I'm I'm asking permission to to land and come
Mike Sackton: and come speak with them.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it takes like a few minutes for the link to get there.
Tim Sackton: One of the giants like puzzles over this like Tiny, like reading a postage stamp
Kate Sackton: kind of big right? Like 20 point font. Right? I mean, the giant is clearly, I mean, this is clearly a bit of an exaggerated behavior, right like sort of
Tim Sackton: squinting a little in terms to his companion, and then sort of last and looks up at the ship and looks looks a little bit puzzled, and
Tim Sackton: you know motions for his companion, and she she stays behind and kind of pulls up her giant mammoth next to the next to the dwarves, and keeps an eye out, and he starts like riding in the direction of the ship, kind of looking up at the sky, and like pointing at this like tiny
Tim Sackton: thing in his hand. I mean it would be. I don't know, like
we sent our biggest pizza something
Tim Sackton: biggest piece of paper, so like, you know.
Mike Sackton: it would be small, but not, I assume it's like the size of his hand, right like it's a giant hand bigger than 8 and a half by 11 like his palm. I guess. Probably this big on a compared to a human, it would be like that size. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like a post. It note, it's basically the size of it's a giant post. It's a giant size post pointing for us to land.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he's he's pointing down. So let's land as close as soon as he starts to indicate something. We want to start moving, and we want to land
Mike Sackton: as close to the dwarves and the activity and stuff as is reasonable without trying, without without seeming like. We're buzzing past him, or anything like that, right? Like you're moving faster than him. Right? You probably end up landing like
Tim Sackton: 500 feet away from the sort of mine area, and the and the second giant in the dwarves.
Mike Sackton:  Before we land we're gonna consult briefly with our hirelings. Is there anybody who is
Mike Sackton: like does catch a note like
Mike Sackton: to be anybody who would be reasonable to like. I don't necessarily want the org, so that tell Fred to go hide
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: towel that works
Tim Sackton: eagerly, preparing to take control of the ship.
Mike Sackton: I mean, but the phasing stone steering chamber is well protected. Right? It's a good spot to hide. Yes, like the when you see, the giants catch it when you start like discussing this.
Tim Sackton: he's like quietly sort of flies off in the opposite direction, and kind of signals to you that he'll circle back to check on you later. But he's not sticking around for this conversation, but like I'll get like I'll I'll get with the other elf, the like
Mike Sackton: hang out as a show of force, right? Like almost super curious. I want to see giants. Yeah, perfect.
Tim Sackton: But the dwarven smith also hide, go, hide, Kenza! Is it safe?
Tim Sackton: See, giants.
Tim Sackton: was that Tim Kenzo? What I'm all looks over and is like, I wanna see giants. Wait, Kenzo, is that safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, it's not safe at all. But you can stay. It's good for you to learn.
Mike Sackton: It'll be okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is is I'm all like it's like he's like a level 3 monk. Or what is he like? Oh, shit. Okay. So he's like, gonna die like, really fast will be played. So he should he should hide? If, like anything I tell him, if anything happens, you should. You should go running like dallas will be like you can stand behind me right like. Don't stand behind me.
Mike Sackton: but you're gonna be invisible right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, cause we're doing the the the are. We all gonna be together right now.
Mike Sackton: But am I making the 4 of you invisible? What's the story?
Kate Sackton: So question about invisibility and walking
Kate Sackton: 500 yards in the snow? I mean, your snow prints are gonna be quite obvious
Tim Sackton: if somebody's looking. But
Tim Sackton: a giant is also 16 feet in the air and
Kate Sackton: distracted by this interesting visitor.
How do we get off the ship again
Kate Sackton: without a rainbow bridge or something. Rainbow Bridge.
Mike Sackton: What's in general? What is the story like? If you cast a spell and somebody makes a save. Do they know you cast a spell on them in general? Unless this, unless the spell is.
Tim Sackton: it depends on the spell.
Tim Sackton: Always played scrying, doesn't you? Don't know if you make the save
Tim Sackton: most charms.
Tim Sackton: You do know if if charms usually specify
Tim Sackton:  right, so like Charm person says that, you know
Tim Sackton: suggestion explicitly. They don't know.
Tim Sackton:  I was wondering about. Rachel
Kate Sackton: doesn't save up to the discretion of the deer.
Mike Sackton: I mean, basically, I was wondering is is enthrall the ideas? It's distracting if it if I tried to.
Tim Sackton: I don't think they would be aware if they
Tim Sackton: if they fail to save. They would not be aware that you I mean
Tim Sackton: casting us, I mean casting a spell is not, and is, you know.
Mike Sackton: right, but it lasts for a minute, although I guess in, I guess that has to be within 60 feet. Right? So yeah.
Mike Sackton: I really need to get to be third level. So I can get meta magic and do subtle spell.
Mike Sackton:  it's probably not worth it. It just would give them disadvantage on perception.
Tim Sackton: II mean.
Tim Sackton: I don't. There's nothing that
Tim Sackton: II think there's no reason, like most most, the way that I've tip that we typically run enchantment spells of this campaign is that if they don't explicitly say.
Tim Sackton: you know that you've been charmed, then you don't.
Mike Sackton: which also means, if you succeed, if you succeed, to save you don't know what spell was.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: that doesn't make costing a spouse invisible.
Tim Sackton: So to the extent to which
Tim Sackton: they would notice you casting a spell, they might notice you're casting a spell. There's nothing stopping you from saying.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm casting tones right like which I was also gonna cast
Mike Sackton: so they wouldn't be aware that you had attempted to charm. Right? Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I still set them now?
Tim Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: are you casting anything before they get within 60 before they approach? I am definitely. Let's cast invisible invisibility last for an hour. There's no reason not to cast it 5 min before we land.
Tim Sackton: and you've got telepathy for an hour as well.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, zoom seeker regenerates that.
Kate Sackton: So seeker. And I definitely need to be invisible.
Kate Sackton: Well, he needs to come with us for backup. I don't know whether Kenza's more useful interaction with the giants or on our little sneak up and talk to the Dwarves Mission.
Mike Sackton: I can see you playing it either way, so we can decide. Once we talk to the Giants right? Like
Mike Sackton: we don't have to decide like you can.
Mike Sackton: Aren't we? Sneaking up to talk to the dwarves while you talk to the giants, because you're a distraction. Yeah, but like.
Mike Sackton: maybe not the minute we first like we have to land, and then well, let's see, cause if they're hostile intent, we don't want soul. Cite them first.
Mike Sackton: and then Kenza will give us a feedback on soul site. And
Mike Sackton: what's going on, cause maybe it's maybe makes sense for all of us to talk to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still think it would be good for somebody to go talk to the dwarf, sneak off and try and talk to the dwarfs.
Kate Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: But I mean while we could fly invisible.
David Schwartz: I probably can't be stealthy and flat like. I can be sneaky on the ground, but doesn't, doesn't feel reasonable to be sneaky in.
Mike Sackton: But you're invisible. Nobody can see you, but if you're invisible you're invisible, then I can make 4 people invisible. Dell with is not invisible. So you are
David Schwartz: got it?
Mike Sackton: Yes, no, you can't just let it.
Tim Sackton: But magic right? Like. So the 4 of you vanish. You've got telepathy going.
Tim Sackton: are you? You're also casting tongues.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: If you want to cast them through all you can. Let me know. II don't. I'm actually gonna wait to cast tongs until Kenza soul cites them.
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: the the giant approaches.
Tim Sackton: and he he looks. He looks kind of around.
Tim Sackton:  looks even well mounted on his mammoth. His head comes up about, about, about above, about about to the level of the
Tim Sackton: of the railing of Vindrasarna, which is about 20 feet off the ground. So he's actually a little bit higher. He's looking slightly down.
David Schwartz: Right.
Tim Sackton: Huh? An Alph
Tim Sackton: strange! He is talking in giant  Kenzo soulsight to make a insight check with advantage.
Tim Sackton: He's right now. He's curious and a little nervous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nervous, interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? With advantage. Bitch. 13 that sucks.
Tim Sackton:  yeah, it's it's
Tim Sackton: hard to get too much of a read on him, it seems.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration he is.
Eric Rosenbaum: or roll it twice. Take the higher
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or
Mike Sackton: 19 is a lot
Tim Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton:  you definitely
Tim Sackton: catch like. you know, he's he's sort of looking around. He's glancing back over his shoulder. Occasionally fiddling with
Tim Sackton:  like reaching back and touching, just to make sure his javelin is there
Tim Sackton: like there's definitely a degree of nervousness here, like
Tim Sackton: he's checking the exits he's checking. He's seeing where his backup is, he's like.
Tim Sackton: you know. not about to attack you, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely like little bit on edge. Yeah, he's on edge. And Jesus is a threat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I just saw that in
Tim Sackton: your tax. That's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So tell telepathically,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe we hang around here a little bit and see how this unfolds they're on edge
Mike Sackton: if I'll just quickly respond if you want.
Mike Sackton: If we anybody wants to sneak off
Mike Sackton: now is the chance, though, because I can plausibly make him
Mike Sackton: not notice us.
Mike Sackton: but I have to be cast. He'll know I'm casting a spell. I have to say I'm casting tongues which I have to cast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. One of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would as well of you speak turbish.
David Schwartz: Oh.
Mike Sackton: I do. Yes. Why doesn't it actually just well be could go, I think. Just well, just well be going. Feels like the move.
Kate Sackton: cause you can fly.
Kate Sackton: I'd love to go talk to the dwarfs, but I can't fly
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Mike Sackton: so I will cast tongues and enthrall, and I'll play up that I'm casting tongues like I'll I'll actually say to him.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry, you know I'll mutter something in elvish and then be like, I'm gonna cast a spell like in Elvish. I'll tell him I'm gonna cast a spell so I can understand you right? Okay, he fails to save. So he is. He is like completely focused on deal with. For the next minute, just like
Tim Sackton: fascinated by, he was muttering an elf under his breath. Just kind of
Tim Sackton: strangely distracted by
Tim Sackton: so go ahead and and make a stealth check, while the  except that
Tim Sackton: with his disadvantage, you only need to be denied. So I think that's good telepathically to to deal with is like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's try not to get ourselves into a fight right now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. della, to be like, when have I ever gotten this into a fight? Kenza?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Kenza Kenza gift spell with the pack.
Tim Sackton: So so I want is visible right now. Just just can't just downwith the gardener, Alf and Amal.
Mike Sackton: but the gardener often almost like staying in the back. I'll like. Introduce them as my crew. What's that cast tongue now? I'll start talking to him. I'll introduce myself.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell him, you know. I'll introduce you know I'll introduce the the but you know the the crew, 2 of the crew right, and I'll repeat kind of the
Mike Sackton: the story that I said in the letter just a little bit more.
Mike Sackton: you know, direct, like, just
are. Are you the right person to talk to? Is there somebody else we should talk to
Mike Sackton: what is your what's your name
Tim Sackton:  he looks. He looks around and he looks down, and he says.
Tim Sackton: chattering, Alf!
Tim Sackton: And he's talking. He's saying this like in this like huge booming voice. Right?
Tim Sackton: you you
Tim Sackton: you are on Bryn Scott's land!
Tim Sackton: Did you know that?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll I'll know. I mean, I'll say no. I why we asked before we landed.
Mike Sackton: I hope I have not offended
Tim Sackton: Brim Scott. I would be
Tim Sackton: very interested in this
Tim Sackton: ship. You fly
Mike Sackton: as I'm
Mike Sackton: for you noticed in our weather this this ship was a gift, and I'll start talking about Allgar. Of course we we cannot
Mike Sackton: it. It was given to us in sacred trust. We we cannot violate that trust.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Huh!
Tim Sackton: And he looks around.
Tim Sackton: It looks like it's kind of sizing you up a little and kind of doing some mental calculation as had like.
Tim Sackton: there's like one elf on this ship. You must be pretty strong. Make them
Tim Sackton: just make a straight charisma jacket.
Mike Sackton: Not with. I have intimidation.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Okay, make intimidation.
Mike Sackton: Say, I've never rolled it. I rolled it to while at 12
Tim Sackton:  he he looks. He looks around.
Tim Sackton: That is a conversation for
Tim Sackton: you and Grimscott to have, I would I would not.
Tim Sackton: That is. that is not my.
Tim Sackton: and he looks sort of like looks back behind him, and he's like you have flown the ship here with just the small crew. I would
Tim Sackton: expect that you are quite strong. and I would not seek to challenge you
Tim Sackton: for control of this thing.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: But yes, from Scarda would be
Tim Sackton: deeply interested.
David Schwartz: perhaps
Tim Sackton: perhaps could make a trade. You are worthy
Tim Sackton: at this point. Wellby is probably I mean you fly pretty quickly. Right? So
Mike Sackton:  You're now approaching the dwarves. I mean, I'll certainly keep him talking. We can still
Mike Sackton: from Scott. It sounds gonna be my next
Mike Sackton: like I'll ask him like we would be. We would be
Mike Sackton: honored to speak with
Mike Sackton: from Scotta. Who
Mike Sackton: who is this fierce one?
Tim Sackton: Brimscarta has been our king for these past
Tim Sackton: generations. Now
Tim Sackton: he is a mighty ruler.
Mike Sackton: Ask a seeker. Is it usual for frost giants to live for many generations.
Eric Rosenbaum: is it?
Tim Sackton: I mean they can live 300 years.
Tim Sackton: so many human generations, and a handful of dwarven generations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Not usual for them to live many frustrating generations, but not that anybody necessarily really knows exactly how frost giants to produce. So what a frost giant generation is is a little bit
Tim Sackton:  unclear
Mike Sackton: has brain. Scott have been in these mountains, for since the wars
Tim Sackton: you do not know of Grim Scott's deeds. Shattering, Alf.
Mike Sackton: you must be educated. I would be honored to be educated. I must apologize. I was
Mike Sackton: elsewhere fighting battles on other planes
Mike Sackton: since
Mike Sackton: Shamut's death, and I've only recently returned
Mike Sackton: to this place. so I have much knowledge that I did not to not learn. Much has passed me by.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: We have not concerned ourselves of those wars since the days of vim. Frost.
Tim Sackton: bye.
Tim Sackton: brim Scara has ruled. kept us safe for many years. Now he is the strongest of the giants, chattering elephant stronger than you. I am sure
Tim Sackton: he has done many great deeds, and he's now talking, for, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, 15 min as well be flies up silently to the dwarves, who have now all basically stopped whatever working they were doing, and
Tim Sackton: are just kind of watching. And and
Tim Sackton: the other giant, the woman who was the companion of this first giant, who did not seem to care when you asked what his name was is like standing peering
Tim Sackton: like the
Tim Sackton: 500 600 feet or so, but from where you are now to the ship, and not really paying attention every now and then. She'll glance around.
Tim Sackton: you know, make you know, count the dwarves, make sure they're still 9 of them, which is how many there were, but doesn't seem to be paying much attention.
David Schwartz: Can I tell? Is there any obvious like leader of this group, or they'll
Tim Sackton: it's it's pretty rag tag.
Tim Sackton: a. There's, you know, a few that seem somewhat older.
Tim Sackton: It's 2 dwarves there.
David Schwartz: a close look over all of them before I reach out telepathically to one of the older doors. Is there anything that is out of place, or a miss, and or like anything that's consistent on all of them. I'm wondering like, is there anything that is like magical control, or some token that they're all wearing? That's the same, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: Make it an investigation check.
Tim Sackton: Nothing strikes you as. And that's not like a
Tim Sackton: ring that everybody's wearing, or like a necklace around, you know, or a PIN or anything.
Tim Sackton:  you know your perceptive enough that you know these all. They're probably all like the same or or nearby village, right like this is.
Tim Sackton: you know there's enough similarities in dress, you know. You can see
Tim Sackton: you know, just stylistically. These are these are not dwarves that were, you know.
Tim Sackton: captured from
Tim Sackton: when he scattered kingdoms across 700 miles and all dragged here right like.
Tim Sackton: But there's nothing that that you notice. That's a particular.
Tim Sackton: you know thing that's stands out.
David Schwartz: I'll say telepathically to one of the older dwarfs, then,
David Schwartz:  I'm speaking to you telepathically. Don't turn around. Don't look for where this voice is coming from.
David Schwartz: I want to do this subtly.
David Schwartz: I had heard before the war that this place was something of a refuge
David Schwartz: that doesn't seem like it's the case. Now, what is this place, and what's your condition?
Tim Sackton:  Despite himself the dwarf jumps, but the giant doesn't notice but you know she is, she is really to be distracted, and her head is 20 feet 25 feet up in the air, anyway. So
Tim Sackton: and the dwarf like looks around, sort of, you know, panic almost. And then, like, you can see, he's like slowly calming himself down.
Tim Sackton: And he he replies hesitantly.
Tim Sackton: Are you a half wing.
David Schwartz: Damn
Mike Sackton: hmm!
Tim Sackton: Don't get many of your kind here.
David Schwartz: not a safe place. Yeah. What is it?
Well.
Mike Sackton: there's a giant
Tim Sackton: from stardom
Tim Sackton: calls himself the King of the giants.
Tim Sackton: and you like. You can see now this George photography detail. By the way, kind of
Tim Sackton: looking around
Tim Sackton: you invisible.
David Schwartz: I'm very, very well hidden.
Tim Sackton: Can I trust you
David Schwartz: if I can trust you?
Tim Sackton:  Make up for persuasion? Check?
David Schwartz: This is very much, not my strong soup
David Schwartz: oops.
Tim Sackton: It looks. It looks around sort of suspiciously.
Tim Sackton: Show yourself.
Tim Sackton: Prove to me who you are.
Tim Sackton: Something feels off.
David Schwartz: I'll let the invisibility drop. I assume that's a thing that I can do.
David Schwartz: And so
David Schwartz: with the armor as basically like Arctic camouflage. So all white.
David Schwartz: you know, blending in with the surroundings another mute. hidden and tucked into some snowdrift or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Looks around still. Can't see you.
Tim Sackton: I mean, maybe you wave or something.
Tim Sackton: You're like blanks. His eyes.
Tim Sackton: I'm not kidding about being well hidden.
Tim Sackton: kind of nudges over to the
Tim Sackton: The other older dwarf, who you think is probably a woman next to him, and she kind of
Tim Sackton: some looks over.
Tim Sackton: Hmm
Tim Sackton: affluent. Who knows? Dwarfish? They seem to be muttering to themselves, and in Arctic gear
Tim Sackton: you can obviously hear cause. Your passive perception is like a minimum.
David Schwartz: No, no. The the purpose of this is to be stealthy. The point is not to have this conversation out loud. We don't want to attract attention here. What? What is your situation here?
David Schwartz: This isn't what I expected to find.
Tim Sackton:  they sort of look at each other again
Tim Sackton: while we're not in the belly of a dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  well, I'd say that
Tim Sackton: you know where you are.
Tim Sackton: She kind of, or he kind of nods his head and and sort of looks out over the mountains to the east
Tim Sackton: northeast.
Tim Sackton: You know, the dragon wastes are out there right?
David Schwartz: Sure. Yeah, beyond the forest.
David Schwartz: Umhm.
David Schwartz: Why not? Just walk south?
Tim Sackton: Maybe in.
Tim Sackton: They look at each other.
Tim Sackton: maybe in 7 years.
David Schwartz: Indentured servants!
Tim Sackton: Who are you?
David Schwartz: I'm a wide wanderer.
David Schwartz: Did you make that bargain freely.
Tim Sackton: At this point the giant
Tim Sackton: who's talking to deal with is kind of wrapping up his story. And
Tim Sackton:  so those are
Tim Sackton: the great deeds of Rimscarda chattering elf.
Tim Sackton: Now do you understand why he is our king?
Mike Sackton: Was any of the deeds particularly impressive?
Kate Sackton: Were they killing dragons?
Tim Sackton: I mean, yeah, they were.
Tim Sackton: It's a little bit hard to tell how much was embellished, but
Tim Sackton: there's at least 2 tails of of killing dragons.
Tim Sackton: One that he supposedly killed single handedly well mounted on
Tim Sackton: killed single-handedly by throwing a spear through its neck
Tim Sackton: well, charging into battle on top of a massive mammoth with his pack of 8
Tim Sackton: wolves the size of horses running at its heels.
Tim Sackton:  probably, I mean.
Tim Sackton: you know, have enough that
Tim Sackton: there's certainly a kernel of truth to that.
Mike Sackton: Did any of them involve
Mike Sackton: magic, much defeating magic users?
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna just I'm gonna top. I'm gonna be like, yeah. Well, okay, you wanna hear our stories? And I'm gonna tell embellished
Mike Sackton: story like in the spirit of boasting, right? Like, he boasted. Okay, gives me a chance right? Just to keep him busy for a little bit longer, to tell a
Mike Sackton: embellished story, not very embellished, but slightly embellished story about Groch, like no
Mike Sackton: details about like the sector or the ring, or but
Mike Sackton: a field of skeletons, hundreds of them. Frosh is an undead creature with a ring of undying that he can't actually be killed except we did kill him.
Mike Sackton: and like
Mike Sackton: sort of, you know. But like dragons fine. Okay, they're scary. But like.
Mike Sackton: have you fought death in one.
Tim Sackton: Make either a persuasion. If you're just trying to keep them distracted or intimidation, if you're trying to like, really show them up
Mike Sackton: 30
Mike Sackton: on intimidation.
Tim Sackton:  he looks
Tim Sackton: he looks like
Tim Sackton:  slightly taken aback and and and and
Tim Sackton: well.
Ouch, warrior, if what you say is true.
Tim Sackton: sure
Tim Sackton: II didn't expect you to be helpless here in the waste by yourself. Obviously not
Tim Sackton: brim Scara. Charlotte would like to be willing to speak with you.
Mike Sackton: I'll go from there to? How do we arrange this right like, where is grim, grim Scar rim brims?
Mike Sackton: Where is Bren Scarda? How do we meet him?
Mike Sackton: And I'm gonna I'm especially if he's now like slightly scared, or whatever like. If you gonna let drop any information like.
Mike Sackton: what's the right way to approach this guy like
Tim Sackton: I'm trying to just roll.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, your sense is basically like, you know, this is a bit of a status competition, right? Like, who is the best warrior. And he's feeling a little
Tim Sackton: shown up like maybe his king is not as good as he thought.
Tim Sackton:  So I got a gene wild
Tim Sackton: back of the dwarves? The answer is.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: what would you do?
Tim Sackton: Leave our village? The mercy is of the next dragon that flies by.
David Schwartz: What happened then? Grimskara killed this dragon in exchange for your service.
Make make a persuasion checker.
Mike Sackton: Well, he's not resonating with the doors. No, this is my deal with. This is hockey.
Tim Sackton: The the 2 dwarfs seem to be
Tim Sackton: kind of getting a little frustrated. I mean, yes. killed a dragon.
Tim Sackton: It's not
Tim Sackton: it is what it is. What do you want from us? Why are you here?
David Schwartz: I just couldn't tell if you were here voluntarily or not. Seemed like. If you weren't here voluntarily, I could help you not be here.
David Schwartz: But if you are here voluntarily
David Schwartz: all square.
Tim Sackton: I mean, what do you plan to do unless you're gonna killed? 2 dozen frost giants
David Schwartz: us to leave.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: can't flee!
David Schwartz: Not like Garda doesn't know where we live.
David Schwartz: Is it better having him than not, though I mean, if he's out there killing dragons. It's a good thing
Mike Sackton: we I'll say to. Well, be we probably don't have to kill 2 dozen frost giants just they'll all fall in line. Once we killed their boss.
David Schwartz: I'll reply telepathically to you, Dela, how do you do this without people getting pissed at you all the frigging time.
Tim Sackton: Charm. Ugh!
Mike Sackton: Certain magnetism! Well, be! I'm now a mighty warrior who killed death.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't understand what it's like out here halfway.
Mike Sackton: Are there tales that it was better before. Sure. But
Tim Sackton: do we live in the past? No.
David Schwartz: fair enough Is it safe to talk to when chatted with them? Is that
David Schwartz: the dangerous proposition
Tim Sackton: they kind of work. Look at each other.
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't.
Tim Sackton: I don't know anything about you, though
Tim Sackton: you don't look strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, talkin, shit!
David Schwartz: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Is not.
Tim Sackton: I didn't want to help you
David Schwartz: alright, I'll say tell! I'll be back to everyone like any anything else. Here I am. I am striking out.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything else we need from these?
Come back? I guess
Tim Sackton: so. Meanwhile Giant is talking about rim scar the massive hall where he feasts every night.
Tim Sackton:  The songs they sing battle
Mike Sackton: on Finance's favorite food.
Tim Sackton: Elk.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna send my links out to get some fresh out for him. But on advantage on my intimidation, checks against him.
Tim Sackton:  definitely. That, you know, as this giant continues to talk, it's like
Tim Sackton:  you know, this is a
Tim Sackton: this is a ruler who is
Tim Sackton:  certainly not incompetent right like, if there's any truth to any of the stories of him in in battle, like, even if they're exaggerated. Right? You know
Tim Sackton: he has facedown dragons, and one that's that, you know. There's
Tim Sackton: there is some
Tim Sackton: something behind that right. But he is a he is a you know. Your impression from talking to this
Tim Sackton: from this giant who is now, as the conversation going on seems to be getting more and more boastful, right like talking up the sort of majesty of the hall, and how you know great
Tim Sackton: the the food and ale is, and and how you know Brim Scar is studying is the is the grandest, you know.
Tim Sackton: grander than any of the stone born villages like
Tim Sackton: you know the stone born, serve them and bring them their best works of art, like the you know. I would like him to tell us where this place is.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. So it's it's it's like a hundred miles north of here.
Tim Sackton: It's a long day's flight, right? Okay?
Tim Sackton:  And you know, he's, you know, talking up.  just the sort of
Tim Sackton: you know the the
Tim Sackton: brawls every night that brim Scara wins always because he is the strongest the feats of strength, the boulder, tossing competitions.
Tim Sackton:  The majesty of the of the palace current of ice
Tim Sackton: goes on in this vein for a while, but you certainly get the vibe, that this is kind of up.
Tim Sackton:  This is a boastful proud
Tim Sackton:  clearly confident in his own power, and yet clearly also somebody with re some amount of real power.
Mike Sackton:  I will eventually. I mean
Mike Sackton: a little bit of
Mike Sackton: you know, responding to his boasts with, You know. Well, that's nice, but
Mike Sackton: you know. Have you seen? I'm gonna constantly, actually bring it back to like, yeah, you're strong, but like
Mike Sackton: magic is really powerful dude. And like you should respect it a little bit right like just the likes like thuddle. Not a lot, but like you know, your hall might be fancy. But you know, have you seen a tree that's lived forever like your hall might be fancy, but, like you know,
Mike Sackton: just that kind of you know, strength is one thing, but strength isn't the only right. But anyway, right? Let him
Mike Sackton: eventually, I assume he's going to. I'm gonna ask him, can we
Mike Sackton: do I need any? Do we need like. I want to find out if there's any danger in just flying to to Brim Scott's place. Well, he sent ahead.
Mike Sackton: Do they talk to me. He will send ahead, but
Mike Sackton: you'll move faster than whatever message he sends. Can he do? We need a. A. A permission to cross his land.
Tim Sackton:  Can he give? How do you hold up the like? You know blanket you wrote the letter on. How did you do this?
Mike Sackton: I'll like one of my links is will appear.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, hold on drugs.
Tim Sackton: alright before you go to bed. Can we? Take a 5 min break to schedule next session, and then we'll I mean we'll wrap up before we
Tim Sackton: do the whole encounter with a giant to just figure to do 20 min to get you to there before we stop. I don't want to start the whole encounter tonight.
Tim Sackton: but let's schedule before Eric goes to bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Mike Sackton: Do we have another game schedule like we don't have anything scheduled
Tim Sackton: the week of January 20 s.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, man, things are gonna start to get a little crazy for me guys. I'm gonna be in thailand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then.
So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the week of I do next week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or the week of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  like, maybe Friday, the second
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually probably not. Sorry like the week the week of February 5, I could do the week of February sometime.
Tim Sackton: But could we do? I mean I I can do the week of February 5 the following week Mike. Kate and I are leaving for the Galapagos on the sixteenth, so
Tim Sackton: probably if we want to get in 2 sessions, could we do next week? And then the week of the fifth
Mike Sackton: next week? Next week is slightly complicated. which day next week. I
Mike Sackton: you can't. My Zachary's play is Thursday and Saturday.
Mike Sackton:  baby could do Wednesday.
David Schwartz: I can't do Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, next week.
David Schwartz: I could do I don't know
David Schwartz: Hindus. No, I can't
David Schwartz: hang on Mike. You're out Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
David Schwartz: and I'm a member too soon.
Mike Sackton: I could do the twenty-first. But I assume that's you're already on Thailand. I'm going to be in an airplane. Yeah, on the twenty-first
Tim Sackton: well, should we start with with again something for 5 week.
Tim Sackton: When are you back?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically, I'll I could potentially do Sunday the Fourth.
Mike Sackton: I can't do Sunday the Fourth. I could do any. Well, I maybe could if it's like gonna turn into. Otherwise we can't play. But
Mike Sackton:  it's I'm doing my other D and d game
Mike Sackton: that Sunday we usually do the first Sunday every month.
Mike Sackton:  but I could maybe try and move it, or maybe
David Schwartz: best for me that week, the sixth or the eighth
Mike Sackton: that either those would be total any any day except the fourth would be totally fine for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the sixth or the eighth
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to do
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could probably make the fourth work. If it's literally the only time we could game between I could do that I could do. I could potentially do the fifth
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Monday.
David Schwartz: I could also, I could also potentially do the eighth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's tough. I miss the zillions. I may be in York starting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 7, 8, 9. I'm I'm not gonna know for sure. I could definitely do. I could definitely do the fourth or the fifth
David Schwartz: good news both those nights. Unfortunately.
Mike Sackton: I mean, like I said, if I
Mike Sackton: any other night would be better. But if it's our only night I could probably make the. I could make the fourth work.
Mike Sackton: My other game ends at 5
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: d. And D double header. Wait, but of course you can't do the fourth right.
David Schwartz: No, you can't do the fourth out. Never mind that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could potentially do the 6 I currently have, like a therapy sketch session scheduled, but I could probably potentially move that. So I could do the 6.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know yet if I'm gonna be in New York 7, 8 9. If I'm not, then I could do 7 or 8, or I could do like the eighth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you guys, could you guys do the Sixth? And I could try to move my therapy session.
David Schwartz: If that works for you, that
Mike Sackton: anytime is fine with me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the sixth. Alright, why don't we do the Sixth? Then I'll see if I can move my therapy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm putting that in the calendar.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: should we try and schedule? I don't know what other options we have for scheduling something else. But
Mike Sackton:  it. It doesn't sound promising right like.
Mike Sackton: let's see. I mean, we could do something after we could do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: next week is no good for everybody.
Mike Sackton: Well, I can't, I can't do. I can't do. Tuesday.
Mike Sackton: Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Mike Sackton: Dana's Dana's Mom's visiting, and Zachary is in a show.
David Schwartz: I can't do Monday or Wednesday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: wait. Sorry. What it you can't do. Monday or Wednesday.
David Schwartz: as I say. Well, there's a Tuesday in between Monday and Wednesday. You can't do that either. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm! Let's see.
Mike Sackton: what about what about the week of the
Mike Sackton: eleventh? Can we do that might be complicated.
Mike Sackton: Could we do 2 in a row. Is that too too complicated?
Mike Sackton: I could do. I can do February eleventh, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I could do February eleventh.
Tim Sackton: Don't worry.
Mike Sackton: We're not leaving till the sixteenth.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 2 games and 2 2 games in one week, no, 2 weeks, one on the sixth and one on the thirteenth. or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what about we? I may I may be flying to LA. The night of the thirteenth. Did you guys do the eleventh. That's Sunday.
David Schwartz: do the eleventh or the fifteenth that week.
Tim Sackton: and our flight is at 7 in the morning. Yeah, definitely. Can't do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sunday, the eleventh.
Mike Sackton: They don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm just anticipating. It's gonna be
Mike Sackton: possibly complicated, I mean, unless it's like easy to do. Mark. But then we're into March right.
Mike Sackton: But sorry. Why not? Why not the 11? She's no, no, no, that's no, that's fine. We just have 2 games in one week. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, sure, that's cool. That's I mean, you know, if we're gonna take like a big break between now. And so there's only one week between now and March, when every when all of us are like at home, we may as well play twice that week.
David Schwartz: When are you back from Glapcos.
Mike Sackton: the 20, fifth, or back the 20. Fifth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome. You guys just go for vacation.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Have you not heard about this? Where renting a boat?
Mike Sackton: My whole family.
Tim Sackton: 16 of us, 16 of us are all we have our private crews, my parents, my cousins, us, Mike and Dana.
Tim Sackton: the kids, everybody, Laura.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Except apparently Guayaquil, is like murder capital of the entire world, right?
David Schwartz: Probably not for white tourists.
Mike Sackton: No, like the gang warfare like took over the main TV station, and like kidnaps, all of the news anchors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
David Schwartz: that's where you're going.
Tim Sackton: Well, only for one night, but it might be like, let's not leave the Hotel
Mike Sackton: Galapagos is fine, but, like Guai keel. It's like, it's like this business, huge spike in gang violence, who is like retaliating against like
Mike Sackton: anybody like people aren't leaving their houses.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's where we're bringing our children, but only for one night, but only for one night. We'll just stay in the 2 nights. Let's just stay in the hotel. The hotel is perfectly safe. They have security guards. I'm not worried about the hotel.
Mike Sackton: Go walk around the streets of Guayaquil. I don't think that seems like a bad idea. Yeah, exactly. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Eric needs to go to bed. Yeah. So we've got the sixth and the eleventh. Let's just like Fell. That's fine. Actually we can.
Tim Sackton: That'll be a giants, and
Mike Sackton: that's that's that's slightly intense for me to play D on the fourth, the sixth, and the eleventh. But it'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: You're only running one of those 3 games like, I know, I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know. Also, also, II didn't participate quite as much, but I actually thought the asynchronous stuff was really fun, like it was cool just to kind of follow along. So I think we're not, you know. I think you know, to the extent that we can. If there's other asynchronous things we can do like over the next couple of weeks, either world building things or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or we could do like a deeper like, you know, stuff we're doing with our like with the with the ship, or I don't know. You know what I mean. You guys can all make up nasty things the undead are doing to Sambara for my game.
Mike Sackton: Nice? Oh, your games also in Talgar. Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right. That's crazy.
Tim Sackton: Tim is, is is. Isaac still is running running anything for for his friends? He's not running a Toggard game. One day I'll get him from on a toggle game.
Mike Sackton: Tim, you have to. You have to play in Welby's backstory that we made up at some point.
Mike Sackton: Well we remember
Mike Sackton: the whole conversation we had about what's going on in Sabara when Wellby was born. That he would know about. That's relevant to this game. Alright. Remember it well.
Tim Sackton: he remembers it amazingly.
Tim Sackton: let's let's get to the scheduled. We can, you know. 15 is more minutes. Yes, that would be good. I would like to go to bed slightly. More.
Tim Sackton:  okay. So back to the back to the world.
Tim Sackton: the
so the giant.
Tim Sackton: the links appears, and and the giant is like
Tim Sackton: scratches his head for a minute.
Tim Sackton: And like looks at his belt pouch.
Tim Sackton: and there's like scrolls, but they're like the size of. I mean, they're big, right? And he writes.
Tim Sackton: you know this note.
Tim Sackton: it's it's like the size of it. Let's it looks like a blanket covering the like
Mike Sackton: is like, was it? Was it safe?
Tim Sackton: Alright, cause you can read it. It says,
Mike Sackton: I mean, you just paraphrase. But
Tim Sackton: it, it, it's I mean, it's only it's only like 30 words. This giant is not the clearly the most like. We're both literate of giants.
Tim Sackton: King Brimskalda.
Tim Sackton: I am sending an elf warrior to you for your court.
Tim Sackton: please.
Tim Sackton: Be be pleased at the stories and feats that he will share.
Tim Sackton:  Perhaps
Tim Sackton: perhaps you will demonstrate his proudness
Tim Sackton: for the entertainment of your lords.
Mike Sackton: I'm okay.
Tim Sackton: strong and powerful.
Mike Sackton: I'll send. It
Mike Sackton: sounds good. What could go wrong?
Tim Sackton:  7 years as a court jester.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we can always escape right? Like, I mean.
Tim Sackton: yeah, escape is pretty easy.
Mike Sackton:  just have to hang onto the rainbow bridge. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, or a seeker can always, I mean, if you don't mind wasting Seeker's seventh level spell slot. He can always teleport you to vintage art. It's true.
Tim Sackton: Carry around a pebble from the ship, or something.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: The links goes running off
Tim Sackton: and the the frost giant looks looks after it kind of as that runs not his feet, not leaving snowprints in the snow.
Tim Sackton: It looks back to you.
Tim Sackton: What does it eat?
Mike Sackton: It
Mike Sackton: lives on the favor of the gods.
Tim Sackton: Odds
Tim Sackton: people in the forest worship animals, too.
Mike Sackton: I have a I should tell you the story about how I saved a God's life.
Mike Sackton: I'll save that, for
Tim Sackton: that's Godzilla.
Tim Sackton: Quite little. I would not think their life was too hard to save.
Mike Sackton: There was a demon
Tim Sackton: even so kill demons and death.
Mike Sackton: What did I mention the dragon?
Mike Sackton: That slipped my mind.
Tim Sackton: Just one dragon. Right?
Mike Sackton: That's what I was. Gonna say, just one. Yes, we're
Mike Sackton: just one for now, so far.
Tim Sackton: Well, the the year is young, brim scars has killed 3.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: 3 dragons! But no.
Mike Sackton: I am sure he is a powerful king. I would not want to question his power.
Kate Sackton: Peace out! Yeah, he will be pleased to meet you.
Tim Sackton: And he
Tim Sackton:  you know, look, glances back and see if the dwarves are all kind of standing around and watching is like
Tim Sackton: hmm goes stopping off on his mammoth back to the minds
Tim Sackton: and sends you a new way
Mike Sackton: shall we go.
Mike Sackton: Ethis King.
David Schwartz: So so sorry! Just in in summary, the dwarves?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's their deal? They're like? Just kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are they in league with the giants, or are they like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oppressed?
David Schwartz: It seems like the giants saved them from dragon, and so they agreed to some term of servitude.
David Schwartz: and it's like.
David Schwartz: I don't know that that's exactly a fair deal, because, you know, it was negotiation at the end of the gun. But
David Schwartz: maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
David Schwartz: they're not enslave.
David Schwartz: They didn't seem resentful about it. I don't know. Am I tracking that right, Tim?
Tim Sackton: I mean. Yeah, they
Tim Sackton: I would say they didn't see me resentful at all right, I mean.
Mike Sackton: more resigned than anything else. But they weren't like help us escape
David Schwartz: right? Well, they were kinda like, what good does escape
Tim Sackton: more perilous places, where at the end.
David Schwartz: like their problem, is that they live in this part of the world.
Tim Sackton: II think the I think the vibe is not so much
Tim Sackton: like these are allies, but
Tim Sackton: more, they feel they don't necessarily have good choices.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the king is. The King is clearly not like.
Tim Sackton: Oh, my dwarven friends, I will protect you out of the goodness of my heart.
Mike Sackton: We didn't find this out, so I guess it's too late to find it out. But what are they mining? And why do the cross giants want mine stuff?
Mike Sackton: That'd be a good question to ask.
I mean, they were clearly mining iron.
maybe weapons or something.
Kate Sackton: build great halls.
Tim Sackton: So it's a hundred miles north. It's about 90 miles north. So it's the sun is beginning to set now. So if you leave
Tim Sackton: immediately, you could get there around Dawn with a short break in the middle of the night.
Mike Sackton: I mean, unless they wanna get there in the middle of the night, which is
Tim Sackton: you could get there. No, I think we want to let the links get a little bit ahead right like.
Mike Sackton: although it can go. Wait, how fast can it go?
Mike Sackton: It can go 50. Yeah, it can go 50 miles an hour for 2 h.
Tim Sackton: but it won't be able to bring you a response until tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: That's fine.
Kate Sackton: Is there any chance? We'll see their home village when we're flying by
Mike Sackton: the dwarfs dwarfs. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: maybe
Kate Sackton: stop and ask some dwarves who don't have giants towering over him at that moment. But maybe they maintain a presence in the dwarf village who knows?
Mike Sackton: Just keep an eye out. Yeah, let's keep it. We'll keep an eye out for
Tim Sackton: well, are you gonna fly overnight, or are you gonna wait for morning, because you won't see anything if you fly overnight.
Kate Sackton: That's sort of the point I was also getting at, too. Thank thanks for making that clear.
Mike Sackton: I think we can. I don't. I think it's okay to show up tomorrow evening, tomorrow, late afternoon.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the days are
Mike Sackton: not. It's March right? So the days should be.
Tim Sackton: It's far north, but they're you're very close to the equinox.
right?
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: we should be able to. We'll go so a little ways at night. Right? But let's not go too far.
Mike Sackton: We'll go little ways now, let's try and travel during the day, and if we show up at 40'clock tomorrow afternoon, or something that's fine.
Mike Sackton: Give the links a chance to bring the message and
Mike Sackton: come back with one and all that good stuff.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Not that I necessarily expect a response, but
Kate Sackton: might be nice to have an additional blanket.
Tim Sackton:  so you travel
Tim Sackton: travel a little ways, and as the sun sets you
Tim Sackton:  rescued the ship
Tim Sackton: overnight. And then continue heading north along the mountains.
Tim Sackton: the following day is a cold, windy, cloudy day.
Tim Sackton: Occasional snow flurries.
Tim Sackton: but not not like a blizzard that stopped you before, but you know enough to notice
Tim Sackton: and start a miserable flying as you.
But through the wind
Tim Sackton: and the blowing snow up up among the clouds.
Tim Sackton: passing in and out of these sort of icy clouds.
Tim Sackton: You you don't see any, you know settlements below you. There's no dwarven villages or stone boring communities, or anything
Tim Sackton:  but it's also like
Tim Sackton: quite cold, and it seems likely that doors would live underground and stillborn. Stoneborn might live up in that in the glaciers. But
Tim Sackton: the frost giants clearly are
happy in
Tim Sackton: right. No totalize. So you don't see anything on the way, but around, you know, 3 in the afternoon the sun's low in the sky, but not super close to setting.
Tim Sackton:  You see
Tim Sackton: the frost giant steading ahead of you.  this is a it's. It's basically the entire top of a mountain
Tim Sackton: that's been flattened and then
Tim Sackton: carved. There's a good sort of dozen houses
Tim Sackton: that are sort of in a circle
Tim Sackton: at a lower elevation, and there's a great hall
Tim Sackton: sort of set on the peak of the mountain. There's a glacier that's been sort of
Tim Sackton: ice of a glacier has been sort of carved and parted. So these blue walls that surround this
Tim Sackton: this hall right. It's like a long. It's like a Viking longhouse or something, right? It's just a
Tim Sackton: a big, long stone building. But the late afternoon sun sparkling in this.
Tim Sackton: you know, carved bowl of a glacier causes these blue light blue reflections
Tim Sackton: blue crystals to shine everywhere and make that past the hall itself, as if it's made of like some sort of blue crystal.
Tim Sackton:  they're in the sort of lower slopes you can see that there's a pen.
Tim Sackton: or there's
half dozen of these massive mammoth creatures.
Tim Sackton: and you can hear them barking and howling of what must be enormous wolves.
Tim Sackton:  There are
Tim Sackton: 2 giants clearly on lookout watching, and you know who sort of signal as they see you.
and I think
Tim Sackton: that's a good place to stop as you guide the airship into the
Brimscada, the Frost Giant King.
Tim Sackton: and we'll pick up there in February.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds good, nice, and cool, chilly.